battery anger 
battery negative 
battery anger 
battery negative 
long anticipation 
battery anger 
battery negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
alliance trust 
alliance trust 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
efficiency positive 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
ship anticipation 
touched negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
effort positive 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
information positive 
bank trust 
war fear 
war negative 
alliance trust 
crew trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
teach joy 
teach positive 
teach surprise 
teach trust 
occasional surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
pretended negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
talk positive 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
crew trust 
catch surprise 
interminable anger 
interminable anticipation 
interminable negative 
interminable positive 
crap disgust 
crap negative 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
crew trust 
benefit positive 
team trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
team trust 
solid positive 
team trust 
dark sadness 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
team trust 
task positive 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
backward negative 
battery anger 
battery negative 
accord positive 
accord trust 
thought anticipation 
time anticipation 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
pick positive 
shed negative 
commission trust 
time anticipation 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
spoke negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
desperate negative 
ship anticipation 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
ship anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
resident positive 
carefully positive 
mobile anticipation 
core positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
console positive 
console sadness 
truth positive 
truth trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
heroics positive 
base trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
dark sadness 
thought anticipation 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
small negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
bearer negative 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
battery anger 
battery negative 
majority joy 
majority positive 
majority trust 
crew trust 
witness trust 
lifeless fear 
lifeless negative 
lifeless sadness 
slump negative 
slump sadness 
crew trust 
mourning negative 
mourning sadness 
time anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
believed trust 
shed negative 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
afford positive 
word positive 
word trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
cold negative 
persistent positive 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
drown fear 
drown negative 
drown sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
battery anger 
battery negative 
daily anticipation 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
thought anticipation 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
proper positive 
usual positive 
usual trust 
extra positive 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
apology positive 
usual positive 
usual trust 
trip surprise 
linger anticipation 
usual positive 
usual trust 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
cage negative 
cage sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
production anticipation 
production positive 
model positive 
cabinet positive 
cabinet trust 
fixed trust 
thought anticipation 
sovereign trust 
time anticipation 
ship anticipation 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
long anticipation 
board anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
pad positive 
blue sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
suddenly surprise 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
thought anticipation 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
damned negative 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
begging negative 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
crew trust 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
forget negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
talk positive 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
expected anticipation 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
believed trust 
standing positive 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
intruder anger 
intruder fear 
intruder negative 
intruder surprise 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
model positive 
presence positive 
bear anger 
bear fear 
improve anticipation 
improve joy 
improve positive 
improve trust 
core positive 
word positive 
word trust 
hug joy 
hug positive 
hug trust 
opposed anger 
opposed fear 
opposed negative 
offended anger 
offended negative 
offended sadness 
action positive 
unwise negative 
working positive 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
miserably negative 
miserably sadness 
eat positive 
words anger 
words negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
hood anger 
hood disgust 
hood fear 
hood negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
irrational disgust 
irrational fear 
irrational negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
miserable anger 
miserable disgust 
miserable negative 
miserable sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
mouth surprise 
suddenly surprise 
gut disgust 
suddenly surprise 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
spoke negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
ship anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
giving positive 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
working positive 
thought anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
word positive 
word trust 
weighty fear 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
shed negative 
long anticipation 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
pull positive 
fat disgust 
fat negative 
fat sadness 
suddenly surprise 
wrong negative 
long anticipation 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
thought anticipation 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
forward positive 
ship anticipation 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
long anticipation 
rest positive 
forward positive 
land positive 
fair positive 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
cold negative 
cold negative 
create joy 
create positive 
miserable anger 
miserable disgust 
miserable negative 
miserable sadness 
sky positive 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
wrought negative 
cover trust 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
sea positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
pillow positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
expel anger 
expel disgust 
expel fear 
expel negative 
expel sadness 
battery anger 
battery negative 
happen anticipation 
stupid negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
military fear 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
thought anticipation 
battle anger 
battle negative 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
rumor negative 
rumor sadness 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
abandon fear 
abandon negative 
abandon sadness 
time anticipation 
sudden surprise 
lack negative 
information positive 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
vacation anticipation 
vacation joy 
vacation positive 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
busted anger 
busted fear 
busted negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
gear positive 
valiant positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
ship anticipation 
upright positive 
upright trust 
blue sadness 
gear positive 
incredulous anger 
incredulous disgust 
incredulous negative 
board anticipation 
precision positive 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
weakly fear 
weakly negative 
weakly sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
fixed trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
screwed anger 
screwed negative 
summons negative 
thought anticipation 
alliance trust 
coming anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
time anticipation 
talk positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
leaning trust 
bear anger 
bear fear 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
ominous anticipation 
ominous fear 
ominous negative 
grudge anger 
grudge negative 
sense positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
tired negative 
dark sadness 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
time anticipation 
question positive 
bother negative 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
quaint joy 
quaint positive 
quaint trust 
polite positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
alliance trust 
time anticipation 
alliance trust 
crew trust 
recruits trust 
tired negative 
tired negative 
tired negative 
incident surprise 
disingenuous disgust 
disingenuous negative 
secret trust 
traitor anger 
traitor disgust 
traitor fear 
traitor negative 
traitor sadness 
task positive 
time anticipation 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
misunderstand negative 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
personal trust 
subject negative 
pet negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
jump joy 
jump positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
thought anticipation 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
outward positive 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
calm positive 
spite anger 
spite negative 
status positive 
major positive 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
alliance trust 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
demand anger 
demand negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
crack negative 
cool positive 
tension anger 
alliance trust 
marine trust 
wrong negative 
time anticipation 
sudden surprise 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
long anticipation 
thought anticipation 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
succeed anticipation 
succeed joy 
succeed positive 
succeed surprise 
succeed trust 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
error negative 
error sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
closure anticipation 
closure joy 
closure positive 
closure sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
wont anticipation 
spoke negative 
noted positive 
rickety negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
velvet positive 
heady negative 
ceremony joy 
ceremony positive 
ceremony surprise 
stomach disgust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
storm anger 
storm negative 
sense positive 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
pity sadness 
expected anticipation 
sorrow fear 
sorrow negative 
sorrow sadness 
sense positive 
anger anger 
anger negative 
blind negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
contrary negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
ground trust 
granted positive 
word positive 
word trust 
copy negative 
dreadful anger 
dreadful anticipation 
dreadful disgust 
dreadful fear 
dreadful negative 
dreadful sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
older sadness 
agreeing positive 
agreeing trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
warning fear 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
ship anticipation 
supplies positive 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
crew trust 
flying fear 
flying positive 
alliance trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
balance positive 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
politics anger 
hating anger 
hating negative 
unaware negative 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
ship anticipation 
cool positive 
unsettled anger 
unsettled disgust 
unsettled fear 
unsettled negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
ship anticipation 
ship anticipation 
full positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
credit positive 
credit trust 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
crew trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
demanding negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
chance surprise 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
wont anticipation 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
balance positive 
leverage positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
nose disgust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
corpse disgust 
corpse negative 
corpse sadness 
worth positive 
wont anticipation 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
shrewd positive 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
crew trust 
alliance trust 
blues fear 
blues negative 
blues sadness 
time anticipation 
amenable positive 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
long anticipation 
blind negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
time anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
clearance positive 
clearance trust 
trust trust 
hide fear 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
argue anger 
argue negative 
cloister negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
wry negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
velvet positive 
rightful positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
corpse disgust 
corpse negative 
corpse sadness 
comprehend positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
cold negative 
halfway negative 
lone sadness 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
suddenly surprise 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
hide fear 
signature trust 
thought anticipation 
ambush anger 
ambush fear 
ambush negative 
ambush surprise 
stupid negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
cautious anticipation 
cautious fear 
cautious positive 
cautious trust 
velvet positive 
elbow anger 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
sudden surprise 
familiarity anticipation 
familiarity joy 
familiarity positive 
familiarity trust 
information positive 
elegant joy 
elegant positive 
comprehend positive 
shed negative 
flood fear 
sudden surprise 
relief positive 
stagger surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
lowering negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
busted anger 
busted fear 
busted negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
damned negative 
precision positive 
jab anger 
incredulous anger 
incredulous disgust 
incredulous negative 
team trust 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
numbers positive 
sea positive 
pull positive 
tired negative 
healthy positive 
working positive 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
time anticipation 
passenger anticipation 
rabid anger 
rabid anticipation 
rabid disgust 
rabid fear 
rabid negative 
rabid sadness 
tired negative 
stomach disgust 
thought anticipation 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
task positive 
survive positive 
long anticipation 
long anticipation 
suddenly surprise 
bereft negative 
forward positive 
velvet positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
talk positive 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
shed negative 
spur fear 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
rest positive 
ahead positive 
hide fear 
hug joy 
hug positive 
hug trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
frayed negative 
frayed sadness 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
blind negative 
ignore negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
promising positive 
career anticipation 
career positive 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
break surprise 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
time anticipation 
ship anticipation 
late negative 
late sadness 
infection fear 
infection negative 
attention positive 
spoke negative 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
attempt anticipation 
palatable positive 
real positive 
real trust 
calm positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
words anger 
words negative 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
shed negative 
forward positive 
embrace anticipation 
embrace joy 
embrace positive 
embrace surprise 
embrace trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
ship anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
pity sadness 
pity sadness 
tawny disgust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
words anger 
words negative 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
damned negative 
clue anticipation 
word positive 
word trust 
subject negative 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
long anticipation 
spoke negative 
damned negative 
working positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
network anticipation 
convenient positive 
negative negative 
negative sadness 
start anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
damned negative 
time anticipation 
needle positive 
dread anticipation 
dread fear 
dread negative 
time anticipation 
catch surprise 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
hide fear 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
bother negative 
convinced trust 
pity sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
velvet positive 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
thought anticipation 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
truth positive 
truth trust 
proof trust 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
team trust 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
thought anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
mud negative 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
murder anger 
murder disgust 
murder fear 
murder negative 
murder sadness 
murder surprise 
crime anger 
crime negative 
accusation anger 
accusation disgust 
accusation negative 
time anticipation 
forgive positive 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
mud negative 
backward negative 
avoiding fear 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
machine trust 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
thought anticipation 
joined positive 
shed negative 
pull positive 
trust trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
chase negative 
wont anticipation 
dissension anger 
dissension negative 
wont anticipation 
interrupt anger 
interrupt negative 
interrupt surprise 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
pull positive 
attention positive 
attention positive 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
reporter positive 
reporter trust 
ship anticipation 
time anticipation 
advice trust 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
thought anticipation 
uncomfortable negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
effective positive 
effective trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
united positive 
united trust 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
damned negative 
guidance positive 
guidance trust 
small negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
war fear 
war negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
denial negative 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
shout anger 
shout surprise 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
time anticipation 
sudden surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
speculative anticipation 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
time anticipation 
obnoxious anger 
obnoxious disgust 
obnoxious negative 
obnoxious sadness 
winning anticipation 
winning disgust 
winning joy 
winning positive 
winning sadness 
winning surprise 
winning trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
break surprise 
long anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
alliance trust 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
show trust 
guess surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
velvet positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
pretended negative 
sudden surprise 
ghost fear 
attention positive 
bore negative 
forward positive 
bother negative 
safekeeping trust 
abominable disgust 
abominable fear 
abominable negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
sneeze disgust 
sneeze negative 
sneeze surprise 
time anticipation 
garden joy 
garden positive 
hidden negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
talk positive 
elbow anger 
nose disgust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
shriek anger 
shriek fear 
shriek negative 
shriek sadness 
shriek surprise 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
time anticipation 
sob negative 
sob sadness 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
brother positive 
brother trust 
dark sadness 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
thump anger 
thump negative 
curl positive 
garden joy 
garden positive 
sweetheart anticipation 
sweetheart joy 
sweetheart positive 
sweetheart sadness 
sweetheart trust 
time anticipation 
hug joy 
hug positive 
hug trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
stupid negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
fire fear 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
dumb negative 
father trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
afford positive 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
offended anger 
offended negative 
offended sadness 
embarrassing negative 
father trust 
time anticipation 
fire fear 
sing anticipation 
sing joy 
sing positive 
sing sadness 
sing trust 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
sore anger 
sore negative 
sore sadness 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
nose disgust 
ghost fear 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
sing anticipation 
sing joy 
sing positive 
sing sadness 
sing trust 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
sneaking anticipation 
sneaking fear 
sneaking negative 
sneaking trust 
time anticipation 
absolute positive 
necessity sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
darken fear 
darken negative 
darken sadness 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
nose disgust 
older sadness 
cold negative 
time anticipation 
word positive 
word trust 
dark sadness 
lines fear 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
dark sadness 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
bother negative 
freezing negative 
time anticipation 
bother negative 
wont anticipation 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
peaceful anticipation 
peaceful joy 
peaceful positive 
peaceful surprise 
peaceful trust 
happen anticipation 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
ready anticipation 
important positive 
important trust 
pet negative 
love joy 
love positive 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
pastime positive 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
ready anticipation 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
worth positive 
including positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
shed negative 
shed negative 
chosen positive 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
blue sadness 
sky positive 
time anticipation 
full positive 
real positive 
real trust 
vanity negative 
gold positive 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
shed negative 
shed negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
dear positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
vanity negative 
full positive 
break surprise 
nose disgust 
school trust 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
acceptance positive 
polite positive 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
polite positive 
swear positive 
swear trust 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
daily anticipation 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
worth positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
nose disgust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
happen anticipation 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
change fear 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
attention positive 
damned negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
coming anticipation 
numbers positive 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
flowery positive 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
nose disgust 
giving positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
asshole anger 
asshole disgust 
asshole negative 
syringe fear 
dawn anticipation 
dawn joy 
dawn positive 
dawn surprise 
dawn trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
larger disgust 
larger surprise 
larger trust 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
upright positive 
upright trust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
drinking negative 
full positive 
determined positive 
actual positive 
hellish anger 
hellish disgust 
hellish fear 
hellish negative 
hellish sadness 
armored fear 
tasteless disgust 
tasteless negative 
waste disgust 
waste negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
waste disgust 
waste negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
crack negative 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
word positive 
word trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
constant positive 
constant trust 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
system trust 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
headache negative 
watery negative 
time anticipation 
sky positive 
shed negative 
mouth surprise 
teasing anger 
teasing fear 
teasing negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sky positive 
alliance trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
swift positive 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
shed negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
makeshift negative 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
alliance trust 
lieutenant trust 
dark sadness 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
cover trust 
excuse negative 
lieutenant trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
flush positive 
salute joy 
salute positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
abundance anticipation 
abundance disgust 
abundance joy 
abundance negative 
abundance positive 
abundance trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
begging negative 
pardon positive 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
pardon positive 
lieutenant trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lieutenant trust 
stiff negative 
attention positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
thoughtless anger 
thoughtless disgust 
thoughtless negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
sir positive 
sir trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
blitz surprise 
damned negative 
joined positive 
dark sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lieutenant trust 
lieutenant trust 
bane anger 
bane disgust 
bane fear 
bane negative 
bane anger 
bane disgust 
bane fear 
bane negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lieutenant trust 
bane anger 
bane disgust 
bane fear 
bane negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
uncomfortable negative 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
worship anticipation 
worship fear 
worship joy 
worship positive 
worship trust 
shed negative 
credit positive 
credit trust 
shed negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
shed negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
damned negative 
bane anger 
bane disgust 
bane fear 
bane negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
shining anticipation 
shining joy 
shining positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
credit positive 
credit trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
small negative 
infectious disgust 
infectious fear 
infectious negative 
infectious sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
difficulty anger 
difficulty fear 
difficulty negative 
difficulty sadness 
thought anticipation 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
words anger 
words negative 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
team trust 
dwarfed fear 
dwarfed negative 
dwarfed sadness 
row anger 
row negative 
row anger 
row negative 
row anger 
row negative 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
sorrow fear 
sorrow negative 
sorrow sadness 
talk positive 
talk positive 
instructions anticipation 
instructions trust 
team trust 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
thought anticipation 
blue sadness 
sky positive 
sky positive 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
stone anger 
stone negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
landed positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
sense positive 
manual trust 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
upright positive 
upright trust 
landed positive 
balance positive 
thoughtful positive 
thoughtful trust 
helpful joy 
helpful positive 
helpful trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
haunt fear 
haunt negative 
attention positive 
respectful positive 
respectful trust 
attention positive 
cover trust 
damned negative 
war fear 
war negative 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
possibility anticipation 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
main positive 
thought anticipation 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
thought anticipation 
working positive 
information positive 
drone negative 
insufficient negative 
supply positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
vacation anticipation 
vacation joy 
vacation positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
ghostly fear 
ghostly negative 
question positive 
thought anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
network anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
adept positive 
ship anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
benign joy 
benign positive 
convinced trust 
building positive 
cursory negative 
noted positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
noise negative 
forgive positive 
explain positive 
explain trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
hiding fear 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
memorials sadness 
giving positive 
giving positive 
ship anticipation 
truth positive 
truth trust 
thought anticipation 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
thought anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
wont anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
information positive 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
unprotected negative 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
justice positive 
justice trust 
unjust anger 
unjust negative 
ridiculous anger 
ridiculous disgust 
ridiculous negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
question positive 
statement positive 
statement trust 
fact trust 
expectant anticipation 
uneven negative 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
time anticipation 
desperate negative 
information positive 
cracking negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
desperate negative 
attempt anticipation 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
dread anticipation 
dread fear 
dread negative 
spite anger 
spite negative 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
talons anger 
talons fear 
talons negative 
father trust 
tired negative 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
younger positive 
tired negative 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
attention positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
spoke negative 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
father trust 
thought anticipation 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
attention positive 
time anticipation 
father trust 
hot anger 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
reason positive 
grateful positive 
knowing positive 
dark sadness 
forgive positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
honor positive 
honor trust 
serve negative 
serve trust 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
explain positive 
explain trust 
alliance trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
forward positive 
alliance trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lines fear 
desperate negative 
war fear 
war negative 
answerable trust 
argue anger 
argue negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
attention positive 
father trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
linger anticipation 
communication trust 
status positive 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
knotted negative 
stomach disgust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pointedly positive 
wry negative 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
standing positive 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
sky positive 
change fear 
facts positive 
facts trust 
complicated negative 
time anticipation 
sir positive 
sir trust 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
politics anger 
sir positive 
sir trust 
reason positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
reason positive 
important positive 
important trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
time anticipation 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
swift positive 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
time anticipation 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
time anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
presence positive 
crack negative 
gold positive 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
dark sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
intrusion fear 
intrusion negative 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
mimicry negative 
mimicry surprise 
usual positive 
usual trust 
warning fear 
model positive 
wont anticipation 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
mouth surprise 
backward negative 
rest positive 
seals trust 
wrong negative 
urgent anticipation 
urgent fear 
urgent negative 
urgent surprise 
fixed trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
thought anticipation 
time anticipation 
alliance trust 
landed positive 
rest positive 
dark sadness 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
talk positive 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
crap disgust 
crap negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
acceptance positive 
time anticipation 
standing positive 
apology positive 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
alliance trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
dark sadness 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
defy anger 
defy fear 
defy negative 
defy sadness 
defy surprise 
destroyed anger 
destroyed fear 
destroyed negative 
destroyed sadness 
ship anticipation 
professional positive 
professional trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
apology positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
nose disgust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
pretend negative 
damned negative 
crash fear 
crash negative 
crash sadness 
crash surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
long anticipation 
apology positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
wont anticipation 
alliance trust 
alliance trust 
wont anticipation 
status positive 
trust trust 
blue sadness 
defy anger 
defy fear 
defy negative 
defy sadness 
defy surprise 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
violently anger 
violently disgust 
violently fear 
violently negative 
violently sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
wont anticipation 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
shortly anticipation 
dark sadness 
horizon anticipation 
horizon positive 
standing positive 
judgment surprise 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
sadly negative 
sadly sadness 
wrong negative 
shout anger 
shout surprise 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
offended anger 
offended negative 
offended sadness 
shatter anger 
shatter fear 
shatter negative 
shatter sadness 
shatter surprise 
asshole anger 
asshole disgust 
asshole negative 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
hooked negative 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
vacation anticipation 
vacation joy 
vacation positive 
time anticipation 
thought anticipation 
crash fear 
crash negative 
crash sadness 
crash surprise 
shed negative 
rejected negative 
overture anticipation 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
cutthroat anger 
cutthroat fear 
cutthroat negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
time anticipation 
tired negative 
entertaining anticipation 
entertaining joy 
entertaining positive 
twitch negative 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
pull positive 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
actual positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
knowledge positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
defeat negative 
thought anticipation 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
extra positive 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
cheat anger 
cheat disgust 
cheat negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
extra positive 
prove positive 
grateful positive 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
thought anticipation 
proper positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
skeptical negative 
incredulous anger 
incredulous disgust 
incredulous negative 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
rest positive 
wicked fear 
wicked negative 
winnings anticipation 
winnings joy 
winnings positive 
lead positive 
pistol negative 
ready anticipation 
coming anticipation 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
older sadness 
heavily negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
fuss anger 
fuss negative 
fuss sadness 
maximum positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
smack anger 
smack negative 
effort positive 
bloodthirsty anger 
bloodthirsty disgust 
bloodthirsty fear 
bloodthirsty negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
damned negative 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
ready anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
damned negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
time anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
small negative 
efficient anticipation 
efficient positive 
efficient trust 
ugly disgust 
ugly negative 
carefully positive 
terminal fear 
terminal negative 
terminal sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
shed negative 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
coming anticipation 
terminal fear 
terminal negative 
terminal sadness 
small negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
crack negative 
beam joy 
beam positive 
dark sadness 
beam joy 
beam positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
resist negative 
attention positive 
dark sadness 
shape positive 
beam joy 
beam positive 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
approaching anticipation 
precise positive 
beam joy 
beam positive 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
ground trust 
anonymous negative 
reliable positive 
reliable trust 
time anticipation 
deny anger 
deny negative 
knowledge positive 
privy negative 
privy trust 
believed trust 
anonymous negative 
time anticipation 
desperate negative 
arrive anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
small negative 
possibility anticipation 
justification positive 
accusation anger 
accusation disgust 
accusation negative 
question positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
dark sadness 
military fear 
alliance trust 
alliance trust 
stern negative 
time anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
catch surprise 
ship anticipation 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
hail negative 
hail positive 
hail trust 
departed negative 
departed sadness 
incident surprise 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
anonymous negative 
time anticipation 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
long anticipation 
information positive 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
candidate positive 
start anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
needle positive 
ready anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
tomorrow anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
status positive 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
ship anticipation 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
waver fear 
waver negative 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
grant anticipation 
grant joy 
grant positive 
grant trust 
hunting anger 
hunting anticipation 
hunting fear 
hunting negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
carefully positive 
neutral anticipation 
neutral trust 
question positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
public anticipation 
public positive 
knowledge positive 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
confidential trust 
stranded negative 
damned negative 
razor fear 
time anticipation 
sir positive 
sir trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
presence positive 
credibility positive 
credibility trust 
secrecy surprise 
secrecy trust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
personal trust 
damned negative 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
advantage positive 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
change fear 
audience anticipation 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
damned negative 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
blue sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
guidance positive 
guidance trust 
mercy positive 
small negative 
start anticipation 
attention positive 
hopeful anticipation 
hopeful joy 
hopeful positive 
hopeful surprise 
hopeful trust 
cheering joy 
cheering positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
alliance trust 
pretense negative 
war fear 
war negative 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
ship anticipation 
time anticipation 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
secret trust 
long anticipation 
stealth surprise 
wrong negative 
wrong negative 
advantage positive 
prey fear 
prey negative 
vanish surprise 
arrive anticipation 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
hide fear 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
busted anger 
busted fear 
busted negative 
blue sadness 
damned negative 
wear negative 
wear trust 
dark sadness 
blue sadness 
gold positive 
worth positive 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
crew trust 
time anticipation 
ship anticipation 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
teeming disgust 
stranded negative 
believing positive 
believing trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
time anticipation 
crew trust 
alliance trust 
alliance trust 
volunteers trust 
expected anticipation 
guise negative 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
arrival anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hooded fear 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
spite anger 
spite negative 
advantage positive 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
ship anticipation 
smashed negative 
chance surprise 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
lead positive 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
reason positive 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
ship anticipation 
time anticipation 
dinosaur fear 
thought anticipation 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
shark negative 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
expecting anticipation 
pretense negative 
deception negative 
thought anticipation 
team trust 
attempt anticipation 
praise joy 
praise positive 
praise trust 
long anticipation 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
sunset anticipation 
sunset positive 
horizon anticipation 
horizon positive 
blur negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
disturbed anger 
disturbed negative 
disturbed sadness 
sneaking anticipation 
sneaking fear 
sneaking negative 
sneaking trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
happen anticipation 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
imminent anticipation 
imminent fear 
invasion anger 
invasion negative 
giant fear 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
thought anticipation 
ban negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
mouth surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
argument anger 
argument negative 
crippled negative 
crippled sadness 
crouch fear 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
damned negative 
charity joy 
charity positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
charity joy 
charity positive 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
compliment anticipation 
compliment joy 
compliment positive 
compliment surprise 
compliment trust 
words anger 
words negative 
waver fear 
waver negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
deny anger 
deny negative 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
ready anticipation 
intelligent positive 
intelligent trust 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
rainy sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
wont anticipation 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
gear positive 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
leisure anticipation 
leisure joy 
leisure positive 
leisure surprise 
leisure trust 
leisure anticipation 
leisure joy 
leisure positive 
leisure surprise 
leisure trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
completely positive 
incessant negative 
plea anticipation 
plea fear 
plea negative 
plea sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
major positive 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
irregular negative 
action positive 
ship anticipation 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
confidential trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
forgive positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
opposed anger 
opposed fear 
opposed negative 
noted positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
plan anticipation 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
helplessness fear 
helplessness negative 
helplessness sadness 
assured positive 
assured trust 
choice positive 
ass negative 
ship anticipation 
mud negative 
ship anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
grateful positive 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
teacher positive 
teacher trust 
yell anger 
yell fear 
yell negative 
yell surprise 
fuss anger 
fuss negative 
fuss sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
long anticipation 
wont anticipation 
salute joy 
salute positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
sadness negative 
sadness sadness 
sadness trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
guess surprise 
account trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
ass negative 
forward positive 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
aye positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
standing positive 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
stark negative 
stark trust 
loyal fear 
loyal joy 
loyal positive 
loyal surprise 
loyal trust 
beating anger 
beating fear 
beating negative 
beating sadness 
thought anticipation 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
suddenly surprise 
desperate negative 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
slam anger 
slam fear 
slam negative 
slam surprise 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
loom anticipation 
loom fear 
loom negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
fixed trust 
audience anticipation 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
giant fear 
coming anticipation 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
ship anticipation 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
court anger 
court anticipation 
court fear 
disaster anger 
disaster disgust 
disaster fear 
disaster negative 
disaster sadness 
disaster surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
observant positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
crew trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
wrong negative 
base trust 
time anticipation 
hit anger 
hit negative 
track anticipation 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
spoke negative 
calm positive 
measured positive 
measured trust 
mocking anger 
mocking disgust 
mocking negative 
mocking sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
crew trust 
observant positive 
breakfast positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
refuse negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
important positive 
important trust 
school trust 
supply positive 
shed negative 
eat positive 
hot anger 
toast joy 
toast positive 
thought anticipation 
black negative 
black sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
thought anticipation 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
pointedly positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
console positive 
console sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
suddenly surprise 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
expecting anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
time anticipation 
long anticipation 
terminal fear 
terminal negative 
terminal sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
surprised surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
expecting anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
public anticipation 
public positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
start anticipation 
ground trust 
crew trust 
stranded negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
thought anticipation 
prying negative 
prying negative 
hooked negative 
alliance trust 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
vacation anticipation 
vacation joy 
vacation positive 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
audience anticipation 
study positive 
groan disgust 
groan negative 
groan sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
time anticipation 
smashed negative 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
precision positive 
military fear 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
damned negative 
stinking disgust 
stinking negative 
sweetheart anticipation 
sweetheart joy 
sweetheart positive 
sweetheart sadness 
sweetheart trust 
sweetheart anticipation 
sweetheart joy 
sweetheart positive 
sweetheart sadness 
sweetheart trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
thought anticipation 
audience anticipation 
thought anticipation 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
break surprise 
damned negative 
willingness positive 
praise joy 
praise positive 
praise trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
thought anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
fancy anticipation 
fancy joy 
fancy positive 
model positive 
touched negative 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
thought anticipation 
cannon anger 
cannon fear 
cannon negative 
gratitude joy 
gratitude positive 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
horrible anger 
horrible disgust 
horrible fear 
horrible negative 
word positive 
word trust 
whip anger 
whip negative 
deserved positive 
medal anticipation 
medal joy 
medal positive 
medal surprise 
medal trust 
affront anger 
affront disgust 
affront fear 
affront negative 
affront sadness 
affront surprise 
sarcasm anger 
sarcasm disgust 
sarcasm negative 
sarcasm sadness 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
clue anticipation 
amusing joy 
amusing positive 
weakness negative 
misunderstand negative 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
trust trust 
wont anticipation 
question positive 
derision anger 
derision disgust 
derision negative 
ship anticipation 
crew trust 
margin negative 
margin sadness 
error negative 
error sadness 
petty negative 
carefully positive 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
thought anticipation 
word positive 
word trust 
word positive 
word trust 
begging negative 
revenge anger 
revenge anticipation 
revenge fear 
revenge negative 
revenge surprise 
suddenly surprise 
bereft negative 
wrong negative 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
crew trust 
personal trust 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
ready anticipation 
reassure positive 
reassure trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
fate anticipation 
fate negative 
thought anticipation 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
relief positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
usual positive 
usual trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
sturdy positive 
presence positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
composure positive 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
strained anger 
strained negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
time anticipation 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
incident surprise 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
sentence anger 
sentence anticipation 
sentence disgust 
sentence fear 
sentence negative 
sentence sadness 
core positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
proof trust 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
jungle fear 
warning fear 
sir positive 
sir trust 
ken positive 
array positive 
mutter anger 
mutter negative 
constantly trust 
main positive 
battery anger 
battery negative 
stable positive 
stable trust 
ken positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
thought anticipation 
talk positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
crew trust 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
cool positive 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
crew trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
ship anticipation 
cover trust 
lounge negative 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
lounge negative 
elbow anger 
balanced positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
major positive 
start anticipation 
numbers positive 
wont anticipation 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
elevation anticipation 
elevation fear 
elevation joy 
elevation positive 
elevation trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lead positive 
ground trust 
outward positive 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
time anticipation 
team trust 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
completely positive 
lines fear 
completely positive 
resistance anger 
resistance negative 
destroyed anger 
destroyed fear 
destroyed negative 
destroyed sadness 
expecting anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
staring negative 
blind negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
blind negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
blind negative 
blind negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
wont anticipation 
argument anger 
argument negative 
score anticipation 
score joy 
score positive 
score surprise 
question positive 
trust trust 
blind negative 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
task positive 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
blind negative 
wrong negative 
worth positive 
time anticipation 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
noted positive 
neutral anticipation 
neutral trust 
aye positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
pointedly positive 
confined anger 
confined disgust 
confined fear 
confined negative 
confined sadness 
unimpressed negative 
twitch negative 
unhappy anger 
unhappy disgust 
unhappy negative 
unhappy sadness 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
completely positive 
excuse negative 
backward negative 
twitch negative 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
spoke negative 
unpleasant disgust 
unpleasant negative 
unpleasant sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
explain positive 
explain trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
ship anticipation 
information positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
reading positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
unimpressed negative 
damned negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
word positive 
word trust 
ship anticipation 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
stealth surprise 
system trust 
backward negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
defiant anger 
defiant negative 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
hiding fear 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
hiding fear 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
consult trust 
damned negative 
job positive 
offer positive 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
ship anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
coming anticipation 
blind negative 
time anticipation 
spoke negative 
completely positive 
snide negative 
retort negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
heavily negative 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
related trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
specialist trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
unimpressed negative 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
sense positive 
working positive 
general positive 
general trust 
core positive 
talk positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
punch anger 
punch fear 
punch negative 
punch sadness 
punch surprise 
warned anticipation 
warned fear 
warned surprise 
thought anticipation 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
bother negative 
forget negative 
annoying anger 
annoying negative 
talk positive 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
bank trust 
long anticipation 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
shed negative 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
officer positive 
officer trust 
depress fear 
depress negative 
depress sadness 
suggest trust 
joke negative 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
lazy negative 
unsettled anger 
unsettled disgust 
unsettled fear 
unsettled negative 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
time anticipation 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
horrible anger 
horrible disgust 
horrible fear 
horrible negative 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
expel anger 
expel disgust 
expel fear 
expel negative 
expel sadness 
fleet positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
extra positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
measure trust 
damned negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
aye positive 
pretended negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
rock positive 
benefit positive 
small negative 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
account trust 
elbow anger 
elbow anger 
start anticipation 
building positive 
flying fear 
flying positive 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
content joy 
content positive 
content trust 
argument anger 
argument negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
offering trust 
clouded negative 
clouded sadness 
din negative 
armored fear 
superiority positive 
clock anticipation 
mouth surprise 
snicker positive 
bickering anger 
bickering disgust 
bickering negative 
mouth surprise 
sudden surprise 
mouth surprise 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
warning fear 
time anticipation 
leaning trust 
forward positive 
time anticipation 
signature trust 
trust trust 
major positive 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
skeptical negative 
full positive 
needle positive 
bite negative 
ahead positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
damned negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
information positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
storm anger 
storm negative 
time anticipation 
elbow anger 
nose disgust 
turbulent fear 
turbulent negative 
time anticipation 
landed positive 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
pad positive 
emergency fear 
emergency negative 
emergency sadness 
emergency surprise 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
unsettled anger 
unsettled disgust 
unsettled fear 
unsettled negative 
stomach disgust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
nausea disgust 
nausea negative 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
vomiting negative 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
time anticipation 
fair positive 
hilarious joy 
hilarious positive 
hilarious surprise 
fair positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pathetic disgust 
pathetic negative 
pathetic sadness 
smirk negative 
spoke negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
bleak negative 
bleak sadness 
reading positive 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
plan anticipation 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
blinded negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
standing positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
blind negative 
accurate positive 
accurate trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
expecting anticipation 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
radar trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
assault anger 
assault fear 
assault negative 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
annoy anger 
annoy disgust 
annoy negative 
building positive 
hit anger 
hit negative 
ground trust 
main positive 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
storm anger 
storm negative 
level positive 
level trust 
artistic positive 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
agreeing positive 
agreeing trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
wrong negative 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
antiseptic positive 
antiseptic trust 
illness fear 
illness negative 
illness sadness 
hot anger 
odor negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
emptiness sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
horizon anticipation 
horizon positive 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
fill trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
morgue disgust 
morgue fear 
morgue negative 
morgue sadness 
morgue disgust 
morgue fear 
morgue negative 
morgue sadness 
full positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
time anticipation 
guess surprise 
truth positive 
truth trust 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
damned negative 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
supplies positive 
government fear 
government negative 
military fear 
damned negative 
valiant positive 
aftermath anger 
aftermath disgust 
aftermath fear 
aftermath negative 
aftermath sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
thought anticipation 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
building positive 
center positive 
center trust 
fire fear 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
rabid anger 
rabid anticipation 
rabid disgust 
rabid fear 
rabid negative 
rabid sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
rest positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
agree positive 
agitated anger 
agitated negative 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
relief positive 
disheartened negative 
disheartened sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
time anticipation 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
long anticipation 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
question positive 
expected anticipation 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
eat positive 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
soothe positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
vacation anticipation 
vacation joy 
vacation positive 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
war fear 
war negative 
war fear 
war negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
damned negative 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
eat positive 
wont anticipation 
time anticipation 
battery anger 
battery negative 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
aye positive 
aye positive 
specialist trust 
aye positive 
aye positive 
blue sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
war fear 
war negative 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
dark sadness 
definitive positive 
definitive trust 
proof trust 
war fear 
war negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
war fear 
war negative 
staring negative 
center positive 
center trust 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
terminal fear 
terminal negative 
terminal sadness 
precious anticipation 
precious joy 
precious positive 
precious surprise 
war fear 
war negative 
assets positive 
backward negative 
polite positive 
attention positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
entanglement negative 
older sadness 
glowing positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
perceive positive 
perceive trust 
expected anticipation 
expectation anticipation 
expectation positive 
confirmation trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
begun anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
irrelevant negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
demand anger 
demand negative 
ransom anger 
ransom fear 
ransom negative 
outward positive 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
military fear 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
bargain positive 
bargain trust 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
conciliation joy 
conciliation positive 
conciliation trust 
damned negative 
job positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
alliance trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
convenient positive 
ransom anger 
ransom fear 
ransom negative 
demand anger 
demand negative 
resident positive 
information positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
explain positive 
explain trust 
excited anticipation 
excited joy 
excited positive 
excited surprise 
excited trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
accurate positive 
accurate trust 
sloppy disgust 
sloppy negative 
time anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
exchange positive 
exchange trust 
team trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
ship anticipation 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
thought anticipation 
ready anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
count positive 
count trust 
plan anticipation 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
thought anticipation 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
thought anticipation 
decay fear 
decay negative 
decay sadness 
desperate negative 
fatal anger 
fatal fear 
fatal negative 
fatal sadness 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
words anger 
words negative 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
time anticipation 
sorrow fear 
sorrow negative 
sorrow sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
vanish surprise 
spoke negative 
word positive 
word trust 
stone anger 
stone negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
word positive 
word trust 
word positive 
word trust 
time anticipation 
mourning negative 
mourning sadness 
military fear 
attention positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
thought anticipation 
chance surprise 
linger anticipation 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
fair positive 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
crew trust 
ground trust 
team trust 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
time anticipation 
fun anticipation 
fun joy 
fun positive 
ken positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
rapid surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
respecting positive 
personal trust 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
adhering trust 
civilized joy 
civilized positive 
civilized trust 
break surprise 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
escaped fear 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
including positive 
diary joy 
diary positive 
diary trust 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
petty negative 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
justice positive 
justice trust 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
blackmail anger 
blackmail fear 
blackmail negative 
words anger 
words negative 
justice positive 
justice trust 
blackmail anger 
blackmail fear 
blackmail negative 
sentence anger 
sentence anticipation 
sentence disgust 
sentence fear 
sentence negative 
sentence sadness 
revenge anger 
revenge anticipation 
revenge fear 
revenge negative 
revenge surprise 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
long anticipation 
touched negative 
startle fear 
startle negative 
startle surprise 
suddenly surprise 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
forward positive 
giving positive 
time anticipation 
pull positive 
precede positive 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
damned negative 
small negative 
ridiculous anger 
ridiculous disgust 
ridiculous negative 
forward positive 
balanced positive 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
main positive 
black negative 
black sadness 
small negative 
couch sadness 
pillow positive 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
thought anticipation 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
prey fear 
prey negative 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
pity sadness 
alliance trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
thought anticipation 
retribution anger 
retribution fear 
retribution negative 
retribution sadness 
crime anger 
crime negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
happen anticipation 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
time anticipation 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
determined positive 
bother negative 
admiration joy 
admiration positive 
admiration trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
bank trust 
ship anticipation 
rest positive 
crew trust 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
surprised surprise 
ship anticipation 
permission positive 
wont anticipation 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
affront anger 
affront disgust 
affront fear 
affront negative 
affront sadness 
affront surprise 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
decent positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
teacher positive 
teacher trust 
touched negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
teacher positive 
teacher trust 
friendship joy 
friendship positive 
friendship trust 
damned negative 
clever positive 
modest positive 
modest trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fade negative 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
change fear 
truth positive 
truth trust 
pity sadness 
cutthroat anger 
cutthroat fear 
cutthroat negative 
expected anticipation 
signature trust 
mystery anticipation 
mystery surprise 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
success anticipation 
success joy 
success positive 
disaster anger 
disaster disgust 
disaster fear 
disaster negative 
disaster sadness 
disaster surprise 
strike anger 
strike negative 
wrong negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
giving positive 
forget negative 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
anger anger 
anger negative 
prove positive 
suicidal anger 
suicidal disgust 
suicidal fear 
suicidal negative 
suicidal sadness 
sloppy disgust 
sloppy negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
ignore negative 
ghost fear 
ship anticipation 
full positive 
damned negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
glowing positive 
homicidal anger 
homicidal fear 
homicidal negative 
rampage anger 
rampage fear 
rampage negative 
asshole anger 
asshole disgust 
asshole negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
procedure fear 
procedure positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
plan anticipation 
inferior negative 
inferior sadness 
butt negative 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
leaning trust 
snicker positive 
thought anticipation 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
stern negative 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
punishment anger 
punishment disgust 
punishment fear 
punishment negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
procedure fear 
procedure positive 
thought anticipation 
attention positive 
ahead positive 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
defense anger 
defense anticipation 
defense fear 
defense positive 
time anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
gratitude joy 
gratitude positive 
lines fear 
ship anticipation 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
change fear 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
crack negative 
satisfied joy 
satisfied positive 
coming anticipation 
dark sadness 
question positive 
pistol negative 
long anticipation 
pick positive 
words anger 
words negative 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
cover trust 
team trust 
lead positive 
shed negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
damned negative 
younger positive 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
impatience negative 
desperate negative 
poke anticipation 
poke negative 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
phoenix positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
happen anticipation 
lovely anticipation 
lovely joy 
lovely positive 
lovely sadness 
lovely surprise 
lovely trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
ready anticipation 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
stale negative 
older sadness 
stale negative 
fire fear 
battle anger 
battle negative 
dust negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
giving positive 
question positive 
catch surprise 
ransom anger 
ransom fear 
ransom negative 
exchange positive 
exchange trust 
happen anticipation 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
damned negative 
crew trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
ambush anger 
ambush fear 
ambush negative 
ambush surprise 
blind negative 
ship anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
advanced positive 
widow sadness 
malevolent anger 
malevolent disgust 
malevolent fear 
malevolent negative 
malevolent sadness 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
pistol negative 
unbroken positive 
unbroken trust 
giving positive 
uncomfortable negative 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
rickety negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
dust negative 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
ship anticipation 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
stark negative 
stark trust 
halfway negative 
system trust 
dust negative 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
rage anger 
rage negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
promising positive 
full positive 
crushing anger 
crushing disgust 
crushing fear 
crushing negative 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
mobile anticipation 
center positive 
center trust 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
real positive 
real trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
bank trust 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
slim positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
incredulous anger 
incredulous disgust 
incredulous negative 
stomach disgust 
warning fear 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
dark sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
twitch negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
expectation anticipation 
expectation positive 
cover trust 
recovery positive 
team trust 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
expecting anticipation 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
dinner positive 
forward positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
thought anticipation 
ghost fear 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
bland negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
wrong negative 
ship anticipation 
expecting anticipation 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
thought anticipation 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
desperate negative 
real positive 
real trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
working positive 
team trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
guess surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
words anger 
words negative 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
panic fear 
panic negative 
gut disgust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
strained anger 
strained negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
politeness positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
thought anticipation 
talk positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
expert positive 
expert trust 
shed negative 
stomach disgust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
lack negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
spent negative 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
impression positive 
raving anger 
raving anticipation 
raving fear 
raving joy 
raving negative 
raving surprise 
perfection anticipation 
perfection joy 
perfection positive 
perfection surprise 
perfection trust 
garden joy 
garden positive 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
aspire anticipation 
aspire joy 
aspire positive 
hidden negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
stain disgust 
stain negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
silk positive 
desperate negative 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
resistance anger 
resistance negative 
stain disgust 
stain negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
clock anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
reason positive 
ruined anger 
ruined disgust 
ruined fear 
ruined negative 
ruined sadness 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
tomorrow anticipation 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
legendary positive 
stomach disgust 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
stain disgust 
stain negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
ghastly disgust 
ghastly fear 
ghastly negative 
belt anger 
belt fear 
belt negative 
wont anticipation 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
attention positive 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
attempt anticipation 
newcomer fear 
newcomer surprise 
sudden surprise 
expectant anticipation 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
store anticipation 
store positive 
dark sadness 
suddenly surprise 
cough disgust 
cough negative 
dark sadness 
hidden negative 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
garden joy 
garden positive 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
explain positive 
explain trust 
predicament fear 
predicament negative 
time anticipation 
audacity negative 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
hollow negative 
hollow sadness 
strained anger 
strained negative 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
pardon positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
trust trust 
blue sadness 
alliance trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
important positive 
important trust 
important positive 
important trust 
important positive 
important trust 
hidden negative 
patch negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
word positive 
word trust 
incomprehensible negative 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
thought anticipation 
uncomfortable negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
sudden surprise 
violent anger 
violent disgust 
violent fear 
violent negative 
violent surprise 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
ruined anger 
ruined disgust 
ruined fear 
ruined negative 
ruined sadness 
ruined anger 
ruined disgust 
ruined fear 
ruined negative 
ruined sadness 
unprotected negative 
stomach disgust 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
small negative 
backward negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
fits anger 
fits negative 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
words anger 
words negative 
grab anger 
grab negative 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
forward positive 
break surprise 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
long anticipation 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
pull positive 
garden joy 
garden positive 
focus positive 
reason positive 
expecting anticipation 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
sudden surprise 
painful anger 
painful disgust 
painful fear 
painful negative 
painful sadness 
recovery positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
thought anticipation 
ship anticipation 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
constant positive 
constant trust 
relief positive 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
question positive 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
resigned negative 
resigned sadness 
stomach disgust 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
spoke negative 
startling surprise 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
jump joy 
jump positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
shed negative 
ship anticipation 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
incomprehensible negative 
reason positive 
time anticipation 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
forced fear 
forced negative 
garden joy 
garden positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
trust trust 
garden joy 
garden positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
hot anger 
antiseptic positive 
antiseptic trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
reassure positive 
reassure trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
thought anticipation 
hidden negative 
glowing positive 
shed negative 
unhappy anger 
unhappy disgust 
unhappy negative 
unhappy sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
break surprise 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
scrutiny negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hurting anger 
hurting fear 
hurting negative 
hurting sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
full positive 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
thought anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
wrought negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
disapproving anger 
disapproving disgust 
disapproving negative 
disapproving sadness 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
offer positive 
carefully positive 
small negative 
mercy positive 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
spoke negative 
jarring fear 
jarring negative 
jarring sadness 
change fear 
pick positive 
father trust 
grated anger 
grated negative 
headache negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
time anticipation 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
hit anger 
hit negative 
stomach disgust 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
damned negative 
creeping anticipation 
unprotected negative 
bite negative 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
investigation anticipation 
ghost fear 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
happen anticipation 
thought anticipation 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
love joy 
love positive 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
console positive 
console sadness 
glowing positive 
blue sadness 
question positive 
shed negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
crew trust 
deserve anger 
deserve anticipation 
deserve positive 
deserve trust 
lounge negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
shed negative 
console positive 
console sadness 
time anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
thought anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
carefully positive 
question positive 
coming anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
word positive 
word trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
completely positive 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
fill trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
pretend negative 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
facts positive 
facts trust 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
cold negative 
facts positive 
facts trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
amnesia negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
shape positive 
fact trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
emptiness sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
wont anticipation 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
armored fear 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
stomach disgust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
repay anger 
repay anticipation 
repay joy 
repay positive 
repay trust 
rest positive 
obscurity negative 
rest positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
expectation anticipation 
expectation positive 
frayed negative 
frayed sadness 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
reason positive 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
console positive 
console sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
shout anger 
shout surprise 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
father trust 
blue sadness 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
father trust 
taught trust 
father trust 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
rage anger 
rage negative 
fair positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
receiving anticipation 
receiving joy 
receiving positive 
receiving surprise 
teach joy 
teach positive 
teach surprise 
teach trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
long anticipation 
uneven negative 
ahead positive 
reason positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
stall disgust 
anxious anticipation 
anxious fear 
anxious negative 
reappear surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
effective positive 
effective trust 
unpleasant disgust 
unpleasant negative 
unpleasant sadness 
joke negative 
expecting anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
careful positive 
criminal anger 
criminal disgust 
criminal fear 
criminal negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
clue anticipation 
father trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
father trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
lack negative 
staring negative 
father trust 
father trust 
leak negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
informer negative 
traitor anger 
traitor disgust 
traitor fear 
traitor negative 
traitor sadness 
tired negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
thought anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
completely positive 
traitor anger 
traitor disgust 
traitor fear 
traitor negative 
traitor sadness 
calls anticipation 
calls negative 
calls trust 
chatty negative 
lover anticipation 
lover joy 
lover positive 
lover trust 
nameless disgust 
nameless negative 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
facts positive 
facts trust 
sense positive 
grave fear 
grave negative 
grave sadness 
forgive positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
information positive 
knowing positive 
vague negative 
vague negative 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
information positive 
time anticipation 
hurry anticipation 
hurry anticipation 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
war fear 
war negative 
visit positive 
headache negative 
pressure negative 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
time anticipation 
pretend negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
thought anticipation 
dull negative 
dull sadness 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
afford positive 
taunt anger 
taunt fear 
taunt negative 
taunt sadness 
father trust 
long anticipation 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
fire fear 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
thought anticipation 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
cool positive 
indistinct negative 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
sore anger 
sore negative 
sore sadness 
sense positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
spoke negative 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
time anticipation 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
coming anticipation 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
long anticipation 
newcomer fear 
newcomer surprise 
confined anger 
confined disgust 
confined fear 
confined negative 
confined sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
sympathetic fear 
sympathetic joy 
sympathetic positive 
sympathetic sadness 
sympathetic trust 
marked positive 
blue sadness 
nose disgust 
spoke negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
armory trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
track anticipation 
time anticipation 
rest positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
captive fear 
captive negative 
captive sadness 
audience anticipation 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
relative trust 
lack negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
blue sadness 
sense positive 
mate positive 
mate trust 
prefer positive 
prefer trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
cover trust 
mouth surprise 
translation trust 
sadness negative 
sadness sadness 
sadness trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
offend anger 
offend disgust 
offend negative 
offended anger 
offended negative 
offended sadness 
brother positive 
brother trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
convinced trust 
eat positive 
attention positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
forgive positive 
terribly sadness 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
word positive 
word trust 
question positive 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
prefer positive 
prefer trust 
embarrassing negative 
hide fear 
words anger 
words negative 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
childhood joy 
childhood positive 
father trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
stupid negative 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
grab anger 
grab negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
cage negative 
cage sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
small negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
amnesia negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
surprised surprise 
dominant fear 
dominant negative 
healthy positive 
expected anticipation 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
shed negative 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
rule fear 
rule trust 
shed negative 
spent negative 
damned negative 
cover trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
heal joy 
heal positive 
heal trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
nose disgust 
full positive 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
long anticipation 
long anticipation 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
older sadness 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
lines fear 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
unbroken positive 
unbroken trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
completely positive 
protect positive 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
time anticipation 
fire fear 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
choice positive 
mouth surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
thought anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
real positive 
real trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
word positive 
word trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
nameless disgust 
nameless negative 
hollow negative 
hollow sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
stone anger 
stone negative 
differently surprise 
thought anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
brighten joy 
brighten positive 
brighten surprise 
brighten trust 
calm positive 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
gasp surprise 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
dawn anticipation 
dawn joy 
dawn positive 
dawn surprise 
dawn trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
catch surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
thought anticipation 
marriage anticipation 
marriage joy 
marriage positive 
marriage trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
shed negative 
lines fear 
furrow sadness 
forward positive 
vicious anger 
vicious disgust 
vicious negative 
disease anger 
disease disgust 
disease fear 
disease negative 
disease sadness 
practice positive 
shed negative 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
catch surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
flush positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
hiding fear 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
believing positive 
believing trust 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
crew trust 
thought anticipation 
lounge negative 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
inappropriate anger 
inappropriate disgust 
inappropriate negative 
inappropriate sadness 
celebration anticipation 
celebration joy 
celebration positive 
celebration surprise 
celebration trust 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
damned negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
ground trust 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
defeat negative 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
reunion anticipation 
reunion positive 
reunion trust 
teasing anger 
teasing fear 
teasing negative 
time anticipation 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
shed negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
optimism anticipation 
optimism joy 
optimism positive 
optimism surprise 
optimism trust 
staring negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
couch sadness 
pretend negative 
attention positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
halfway negative 
system trust 
makeshift negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
technology positive 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
mournful anger 
mournful fear 
mournful negative 
mournful sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
margin negative 
margin sadness 
error negative 
error sadness 
homicidal anger 
homicidal fear 
homicidal negative 
standing positive 
pensive sadness 
hopeful anticipation 
hopeful joy 
hopeful positive 
hopeful surprise 
hopeful trust 
joined positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
long anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
plan anticipation 
full positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
gulp fear 
gulp surprise 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
time anticipation 
isolated fear 
isolated negative 
isolated sadness 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
reason positive 
wrong negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
giving positive 
information positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
conflicting negative 
information positive 
monster fear 
monster negative 
headache negative 
time anticipation 
menace anger 
menace fear 
menace negative 
luxury joy 
luxury positive 
time anticipation 
ready anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
ship anticipation 
thought anticipation 
proper positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
crime anger 
crime negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
thought anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
worth positive 
believed trust 
lounge negative 
rest positive 
crew trust 
bank trust 
long anticipation 
upright positive 
upright trust 
reading positive 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
shed negative 
horrible anger 
horrible disgust 
horrible fear 
horrible negative 
brandy negative 
elbow anger 
stranded negative 
desperate negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
relief positive 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
dislike anger 
dislike disgust 
dislike negative 
mouth surprise 
blue sadness 
information positive 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
dislike anger 
dislike disgust 
dislike negative 
disapprove anger 
disapprove disgust 
disapprove fear 
disapprove negative 
disapprove sadness 
guess surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
forgive positive 
words anger 
words negative 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
stupid negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
accusation anger 
accusation disgust 
accusation negative 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
reason positive 
standing positive 
precipice fear 
jump joy 
jump positive 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
trust trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
grating anger 
grating disgust 
grating negative 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
long anticipation 
long anticipation 
cursed anger 
cursed fear 
cursed negative 
cursed sadness 
full positive 
liquor anger 
liquor joy 
liquor negative 
liquor sadness 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
satisfied joy 
satisfied positive 
miserable anger 
miserable disgust 
miserable negative 
miserable sadness 
pretended negative 
ignore negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
rebellion anger 
rebellion disgust 
rebellion fear 
annoying anger 
annoying negative 
father trust 
thought anticipation 
asshole anger 
asshole disgust 
asshole negative 
prove positive 
fair positive 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
forward positive 
elbow anger 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
benign joy 
benign positive 
murderous anger 
murderous disgust 
murderous fear 
murderous negative 
murderous sadness 
murderous surprise 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
time anticipation 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
mouth surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
thought anticipation 
swig disgust 
swig negative 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
brandy negative 
worth positive 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
prove positive 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
limp negative 
time anticipation 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
inconvenient anger 
inconvenient disgust 
inconvenient negative 
inconvenient sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
syringe fear 
full positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
model positive 
ship anticipation 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
cover trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
words anger 
words negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
time anticipation 
argument anger 
argument negative 
wont anticipation 
long anticipation 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
offering trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
frightened fear 
frightened negative 
frightened surprise 
careful positive 
pretended negative 
worth positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
unguarded surprise 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
hug joy 
hug positive 
hug trust 
love joy 
love positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
amused joy 
amused positive 
useless negative 
hiding fear 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
discomfort negative 
discomfort sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
brightness positive 
ship anticipation 
main positive 
battery anger 
battery negative 
extra positive 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
cage negative 
cage sadness 
full positive 
complement anticipation 
complement joy 
complement positive 
complement surprise 
complement trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
choice positive 
breakfast positive 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
cheery anticipation 
cheery joy 
cheery positive 
eat positive 
advantage positive 
war fear 
war negative 
horrified fear 
horrified negative 
thought anticipation 
wrong negative 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
time anticipation 
forward positive 
rest positive 
competent positive 
competent trust 
reason positive 
brandy negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
skilled positive 
valuable positive 
irrelevant negative 
bite negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
redundant negative 
leaning trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
argue anger 
argue negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
amused joy 
amused positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
words anger 
words negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
core positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
acceptable positive 
trust trust 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
sentence anger 
sentence anticipation 
sentence disgust 
sentence fear 
sentence negative 
sentence sadness 
fact trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
chance surprise 
rest positive 
pick positive 
team trust 
crime anger 
crime negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
surveying positive 
ruse negative 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
benefit positive 
lack negative 
shed negative 
dark sadness 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
inadmissible anger 
inadmissible disgust 
inadmissible negative 
approval positive 
crime anger 
crime negative 
apprehend fear 
perpetrator anger 
perpetrator disgust 
perpetrator fear 
perpetrator negative 
perpetrator sadness 
action positive 
thought anticipation 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
letter anticipation 
father trust 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
thought anticipation 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
distracting anger 
distracting anticipation 
distracting negative 
ahead positive 
vent anger 
contrary negative 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
supplies positive 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
carefully positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
pillow positive 
pillow positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
dark sadness 
long anticipation 
lowering negative 
communication trust 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
spoke negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
seizure fear 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
patch negative 
patch negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
shed negative 
believed trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
technology positive 
wont anticipation 
cursed anger 
cursed fear 
cursed negative 
cursed sadness 
removal negative 
crew trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
barrier anger 
barrier negative 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
limp negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
nose disgust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
spat anger 
spat negative 
completely positive 
rigid negative 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
torn negative 
forced fear 
forced negative 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
long anticipation 
syringe fear 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
seizure fear 
limp negative 
marked positive 
unnatural disgust 
unnatural fear 
unnatural negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
swollen negative 
nose disgust 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
syringe fear 
limp negative 
thought anticipation 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
syringe fear 
amnesia negative 
split negative 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
iris fear 
syringe fear 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
pressure negative 
seizure fear 
break surprise 
wail fear 
wail negative 
wail sadness 
heal joy 
heal positive 
heal trust 
break surprise 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
pull positive 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
hoarse negative 
real positive 
real trust 
shed negative 
plea anticipation 
plea fear 
plea negative 
plea sadness 
furious anger 
furious disgust 
furious negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
sudden surprise 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
black negative 
black sadness 
balk negative 
seizure fear 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
danger fear 
danger negative 
danger sadness 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
warning fear 
shed negative 
time anticipation 
forgive positive 
anger anger 
anger negative 
suddenly surprise 
hollow negative 
hollow sadness 
numb negative 
furrow sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
nose disgust 
forgive positive 
thought anticipation 
pressure negative 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
time anticipation 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
ground trust 
team trust 
alliance trust 
crew trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
staring negative 
careful positive 
spoke negative 
warning fear 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
pick positive 
long anticipation 
insolent negative 
apprehension fear 
apprehension negative 
disappear fear 
noted positive 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
concussion anger 
concussion negative 
concussion sadness 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
fill trust 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
trash disgust 
trash negative 
trash sadness 
expected anticipation 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
disabled fear 
disabled negative 
disabled sadness 
excited anticipation 
excited joy 
excited positive 
excited surprise 
excited trust 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
rest positive 
bank trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
flood fear 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
fate anticipation 
fate negative 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
talk positive 
thought anticipation 
absent negative 
absent sadness 
talk positive 
love joy 
love positive 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
giving positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
defiant anger 
defiant negative 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
explosive anger 
explosive anticipation 
explosive fear 
explosive negative 
explosive surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
seizure fear 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
hide fear 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
torture anger 
torture anticipation 
torture disgust 
torture fear 
torture negative 
torture sadness 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
surprised surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
time anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
time anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
ground trust 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
hysteria fear 
hysteria negative 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
wasting disgust 
wasting fear 
wasting negative 
wasting sadness 
jungle fear 
touched negative 
absolute positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
ship anticipation 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
time anticipation 
crap disgust 
crap negative 
change fear 
ahead positive 
wont anticipation 
ship anticipation 
hot anger 
intend trust 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
complain anger 
complain negative 
complain sadness 
spoke negative 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
justice positive 
justice trust 
beating anger 
beating fear 
beating negative 
beating sadness 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
words anger 
words negative 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
backward negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
wont anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
spoke negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
expected anticipation 
shed negative 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
rest positive 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
eat positive 
aye positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
linger anticipation 
reassure positive 
reassure trust 
unconscious negative 
wrong negative 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
complain anger 
complain negative 
complain sadness 
presence positive 
heavily negative 
words anger 
words negative 
touched negative 
tremor anger 
tremor anticipation 
tremor fear 
tremor negative 
tremor sadness 
long anticipation 
horrified fear 
horrified negative 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
orderly positive 
ship anticipation 
chaos anger 
chaos fear 
chaos negative 
chaos sadness 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
battle anger 
battle negative 
unavoidable negative 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
interference negative 
impatience negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
sense positive 
inexplicable negative 
inexplicable surprise 
vigil anticipation 
vendetta anger 
vendetta fear 
vendetta negative 
vendetta sadness 
sense positive 
continue anticipation 
continue positive 
continue trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
derision anger 
derision disgust 
derision negative 
indoctrination anger 
indoctrination fear 
indoctrination negative 
indoctrination anger 
indoctrination fear 
indoctrination negative 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
indoctrination anger 
indoctrination fear 
indoctrination negative 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
muddled negative 
inexplicable negative 
inexplicable surprise 
thought anticipation 
thought anticipation 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
hopeful anticipation 
hopeful joy 
hopeful positive 
hopeful surprise 
hopeful trust 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
fire fear 
warrior anger 
warrior fear 
warrior positive 
battle anger 
battle negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
deceit anger 
deceit disgust 
deceit fear 
deceit negative 
deceit sadness 
deceit surprise 
indoctrination anger 
indoctrination fear 
indoctrination negative 
duplicity anger 
duplicity negative 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
intend trust 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
justice positive 
justice trust 
words anger 
words negative 
cruel anger 
cruel disgust 
cruel fear 
cruel negative 
cruel sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
result anticipation 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
distract negative 
ship anticipation 
long anticipation 
carefully positive 
time anticipation 
reading positive 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
arrogance negative 
dismissal anger 
dismissal disgust 
dismissal fear 
dismissal negative 
dismissal sadness 
dismissal surprise 
chaotic anger 
chaotic negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
dark sadness 
usual positive 
usual trust 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
suddenly surprise 
coming anticipation 
convenient positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
cover trust 
damned negative 
sense positive 
rest positive 
stricken sadness 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
nap joy 
nap positive 
playground anticipation 
playground joy 
playground positive 
playground surprise 
playground trust 
school trust 
sweetheart anticipation 
sweetheart joy 
sweetheart positive 
sweetheart sadness 
sweetheart trust 
fun anticipation 
fun joy 
fun positive 
kicking anger 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
garden joy 
garden positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
dirt disgust 
dirt negative 
wont anticipation 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
thought anticipation 
stupid negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
ground trust 
dark sadness 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
princess positive 
suddenly surprise 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
cold negative 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
blue sadness 
stripe negative 
weird disgust 
weird negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
creeping anticipation 
stomach disgust 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
jump joy 
jump positive 
pretend negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
crawl disgust 
crawl negative 
pillow positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
sing anticipation 
sing joy 
sing positive 
sing sadness 
sing trust 
talk positive 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
sadness negative 
sadness sadness 
sadness trust 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
silk positive 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
polite positive 
excitement anticipation 
excitement joy 
excitement positive 
excitement surprise 
coming anticipation 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
pull positive 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
stomach disgust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
defiant anger 
defiant negative 
flying fear 
flying positive 
nose disgust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
forward positive 
nose disgust 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
cold negative 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
giving positive 
solid positive 
jump joy 
jump positive 
hit anger 
hit negative 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
forget negative 
small negative 
remains disgust 
remains fear 
remains negative 
remains positive 
remains trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
contact positive 
father trust 
apologetic positive 
apologetic trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
time anticipation 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
small negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
alliance trust 
public anticipation 
public positive 
public anticipation 
public positive 
information positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
information positive 
triumph anticipation 
triumph joy 
triumph positive 
heavily negative 
learn positive 
information positive 
spent negative 
trick negative 
trick surprise 
secret trust 
granted positive 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
sense positive 
knowing positive 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
fluctuation anger 
fluctuation fear 
fluctuation negative 
seize fear 
seize negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
physician positive 
physician trust 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
nose disgust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
purely positive 
purely trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
heal joy 
heal positive 
heal trust 
focus positive 
rest positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
knowing positive 
slim positive 
chance surprise 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
war fear 
war negative 
completely positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
damned negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
team trust 
brute anger 
brute fear 
brute negative 
brute sadness 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
wrong negative 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
time anticipation 
expectant anticipation 
tension anger 
fill trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
alliance trust 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
wry negative 
careful positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
battery anger 
battery negative 
start anticipation 
bark anger 
bark negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
forward positive 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
talk positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
talk positive 
chatty negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
landed positive 
hospital fear 
hospital sadness 
hospital trust 
fire fear 
ready anticipation 
landed positive 
black negative 
black sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
lethal disgust 
lethal fear 
lethal negative 
lethal sadness 
grace positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
cool positive 
serenity anticipation 
serenity joy 
serenity positive 
serenity trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
ease positive 
thought anticipation 
rest positive 
sweat fear 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
forgive positive 
mutual positive 
reason positive 
distrust anger 
distrust disgust 
distrust fear 
distrust negative 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
offer positive 
aid positive 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
scientist anticipation 
scientist positive 
scientist trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
staring negative 
noted positive 
alliance trust 
blues fear 
blues negative 
blues sadness 
expected anticipation 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
devious negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
bound negative 
imprisonment anger 
imprisonment disgust 
imprisonment fear 
imprisonment negative 
imprisonment sadness 
innocence positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
futile negative 
futile sadness 
calm positive 
disapproving anger 
disapproving disgust 
disapproving negative 
disapproving sadness 
time anticipation 
option positive 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
creature disgust 
creature fear 
creature negative 
pride joy 
pride positive 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
justice positive 
justice trust 
wont anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
pavement trust 
pistol negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
shed negative 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
cold negative 
butt negative 
pistol negative 
eat positive 
damned negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
supplies positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
talk positive 
ship anticipation 
justice positive 
justice trust 
fair positive 
agree positive 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
sense positive 
tension anger 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
usual positive 
usual trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
usual positive 
usual trust 
larger disgust 
larger surprise 
larger trust 
shed negative 
learn positive 
strained anger 
strained negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
spirit positive 
sense positive 
crew trust 
prickly negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
thought anticipation 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
joined positive 
enjoy anticipation 
enjoy joy 
enjoy positive 
enjoy trust 
insulting anger 
insulting disgust 
insulting fear 
insulting negative 
insulting sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
ship anticipation 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
tension anger 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
ship anticipation 
gifted positive 
shed negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
loyalty positive 
loyalty trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
shed negative 
chance surprise 
crew trust 
shed negative 
handy positive 
outsider fear 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
shed negative 
grateful positive 
injury anger 
injury fear 
injury negative 
injury sadness 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
eavesdropping negative 
reason positive 
information positive 
unstable fear 
unstable negative 
unstable surprise 
regression negative 
ship anticipation 
brother positive 
brother trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
stripped anger 
stripped anticipation 
stripped disgust 
stripped fear 
stripped negative 
stripped sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
time anticipation 
breach negative 
relieving positive 
ship anticipation 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
thought anticipation 
bear anger 
bear fear 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
military fear 
brother positive 
brother trust 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
shed negative 
sadness negative 
sadness sadness 
sadness trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
gentleness positive 
kindness positive 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
hideous disgust 
hideous fear 
hideous negative 
hideous sadness 
bound negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
thought anticipation 
serene negative 
serene trust 
determined positive 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
curiosity anticipation 
curiosity positive 
curiosity surprise 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
words anger 
words negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
resignation negative 
resignation sadness 
resignation surprise 
complain anger 
complain negative 
complain sadness 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
reason positive 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
attempt anticipation 
small negative 
talk positive 
ship anticipation 
shed negative 
shed negative 
proper positive 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
noted positive 
outsider fear 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
offend anger 
offend disgust 
offend negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
crew trust 
base trust 
shed negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
crew trust 
guess surprise 
dark sadness 
coming anticipation 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
warning fear 
coming anticipation 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
acceptable positive 
insane anger 
insane fear 
insane negative 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
rest positive 
collateral trust 
ship anticipation 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
attempt anticipation 
school trust 
thought anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
nose disgust 
seriousness fear 
seriousness sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
guess surprise 
extra positive 
bother negative 
organ anticipation 
organ joy 
harvest anticipation 
harvest joy 
harvest positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
damned negative 
murky disgust 
murky negative 
murky sadness 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
wrong negative 
content joy 
content positive 
content trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
real positive 
real trust 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
damned negative 
war fear 
war negative 
prestige joy 
prestige positive 
prestige trust 
weird disgust 
weird negative 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
thought anticipation 
agree positive 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
long anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
shed negative 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
poison anger 
poison disgust 
poison fear 
poison negative 
poison sadness 
thought anticipation 
careful positive 
balance positive 
trust trust 
poison anger 
poison disgust 
poison fear 
poison negative 
poison sadness 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
balance positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
reluctant fear 
reluctant negative 
word positive 
word trust 
shed negative 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
chance surprise 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
time anticipation 
hating anger 
hating negative 
question positive 
expected anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
lines fear 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
words anger 
words negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
certainty positive 
danger fear 
danger negative 
danger sadness 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
word positive 
word trust 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
shelter positive 
shelter trust 
regretted negative 
regretted sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
launch anticipation 
launch positive 
blind negative 
grenade fear 
grenade negative 
seize fear 
seize negative 
ship anticipation 
illicit anger 
illicit disgust 
illicit fear 
illicit negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smirk negative 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
score anticipation 
score joy 
score positive 
score surprise 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
expected anticipation 
thoughtful positive 
thoughtful trust 
smug negative 
furrow sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
shed negative 
fervor anger 
fervor joy 
fervor positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
deception negative 
disingenuous disgust 
disingenuous negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
exchange positive 
exchange trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
wrong negative 
unconscious negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
completely positive 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
spoke negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
extend positive 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
grab anger 
grab negative 
innocuous positive 
mouth surprise 
custody trust 
ghost fear 
trust trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
damned negative 
relevant positive 
relevant trust 
information positive 
hunting anger 
hunting anticipation 
hunting fear 
hunting negative 
traitor anger 
traitor disgust 
traitor fear 
traitor negative 
traitor sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
blue sadness 
convenient positive 
capture negative 
time anticipation 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
cool positive 
implacable negative 
alliance trust 
analyst anticipation 
analyst positive 
analyst trust 
forgive positive 
thought anticipation 
innocence positive 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
believed trust 
suspicion fear 
suspicion negative 
hating anger 
hating negative 
irate anger 
irate negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
joy joy 
joy positive 
cranky anger 
cranky negative 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
persuade trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
valuable positive 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
small negative 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
irreparable fear 
irreparable negative 
irreparable sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
smirk negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
bark anger 
bark negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
question positive 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
giving positive 
dull negative 
dull sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
regretted negative 
regretted sadness 
choice positive 
time anticipation 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
choice positive 
cannon anger 
cannon fear 
cannon negative 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
status positive 
interested disgust 
interested positive 
interested sadness 
determined positive 
motion anticipation 
base trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
plan anticipation 
serene negative 
serene trust 
continue anticipation 
continue positive 
continue trust 
damned negative 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
afford positive 
pry anger 
pry anticipation 
pry negative 
pry trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
long anticipation 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
show trust 
action positive 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
gain anticipation 
gain joy 
gain positive 
level positive 
level trust 
precision positive 
bound negative 
foolish negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
information positive 
unwelcome negative 
unwelcome sadness 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
regulate positive 
calm positive 
exasperation anger 
exasperation disgust 
exasperation negative 
skeptical negative 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
shed negative 
calculating negative 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
nobility anticipation 
nobility positive 
nobility trust 
shed negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
art anticipation 
art joy 
art positive 
art sadness 
art surprise 
skewed anger 
skewed anticipation 
skewed negative 
bound negative 
happen anticipation 
sneer anger 
sneer disgust 
sneer negative 
sense positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
glowing positive 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
team trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
shed negative 
sovereign trust 
forgiving positive 
forgiving trust 
main positive 
battery anger 
battery negative 
convinced trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
convinced trust 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
suicide anger 
suicide fear 
suicide negative 
suicide sadness 
shed negative 
real positive 
real trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
clever positive 
cold negative 
believing positive 
believing trust 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
job positive 
forthcoming positive 
fake negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fate anticipation 
fate negative 
trust trust 
master positive 
fret fear 
fret negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
helpful joy 
helpful positive 
helpful trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
spoke negative 
dark sadness 
coming anticipation 
desperate negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
mud negative 
words anger 
words negative 
ancient negative 
nursery joy 
nursery positive 
nursery trust 
time anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
coax trust 
ground trust 
pull positive 
wont anticipation 
sing anticipation 
sing joy 
sing positive 
sing sadness 
sing trust 
nonsense negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
overpriced anger 
overpriced disgust 
overpriced negative 
overpriced sadness 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
stink disgust 
stink negative 
drown fear 
drown negative 
drown sadness 
wrong negative 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
long anticipation 
mud negative 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
forward positive 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
mud negative 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
forced fear 
forced negative 
fake negative 
mud negative 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
forgive positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
disappoint anger 
disappoint disgust 
disappoint negative 
disappoint sadness 
question positive 
real positive 
real trust 
sudden surprise 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
wrong negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
wrong negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
blue sadness 
pool positive 
long anticipation 
real positive 
real trust 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
real positive 
real trust 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
dawn anticipation 
dawn joy 
dawn positive 
dawn surprise 
dawn trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
father trust 
taught trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
dark sadness 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
precious anticipation 
precious joy 
precious positive 
precious surprise 
sweetness positive 
touched negative 
forward positive 
mud negative 
pull positive 
black negative 
black sadness 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
pristine positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
blue sadness 
blue sadness 
weep negative 
weep sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
pistol negative 
graceful positive 
precise positive 
cool positive 
forming anticipation 
word positive 
word trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
displeased anger 
displeased disgust 
displeased fear 
displeased negative 
displeased sadness 
bound negative 
crew trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
time anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
obnoxious anger 
obnoxious disgust 
obnoxious negative 
obnoxious sadness 
shed negative 
spoke negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
blue sadness 
forearm anger 
forearm anticipation 
crack negative 
serene negative 
serene trust 
main positive 
battery anger 
battery negative 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
ready anticipation 
blur negative 
battery anger 
battery negative 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
thoughtful positive 
thoughtful trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
spoke negative 
scientist anticipation 
scientist positive 
scientist trust 
benefit positive 
contact positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
alliance trust 
spoke negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
surprised surprise 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
youth anger 
youth anticipation 
youth fear 
youth joy 
youth positive 
youth surprise 
experienced positive 
experienced trust 
charm positive 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
damned negative 
convinced trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
bound negative 
oath positive 
oath trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
debt negative 
debt sadness 
prevent fear 
necessity sadness 
shrewd positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
serve negative 
serve trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
sadly negative 
sadly sadness 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
calm positive 
certainty positive 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
blinded negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
shed negative 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
seal positive 
seal trust 
lines fear 
script positive 
elegant joy 
elegant positive 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
words anger 
words negative 
father trust 
importance anticipation 
importance positive 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
definitive positive 
definitive trust 
proof trust 
level positive 
level trust 
level positive 
level trust 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
investigation anticipation 
level positive 
level trust 
disappear fear 
father trust 
level positive 
level trust 
crap disgust 
crap negative 
battery anger 
battery negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
contact positive 
father trust 
vague negative 
warning fear 
equally positive 
careful positive 
mutual positive 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
expected anticipation 
trust trust 
trust trust 
supply positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
caution anger 
caution anticipation 
caution fear 
caution negative 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
demand anger 
demand negative 
thought anticipation 
unanticipated surprise 
hiding fear 
system trust 
revenge anger 
revenge anticipation 
revenge fear 
revenge negative 
revenge surprise 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
nameless disgust 
nameless negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
show trust 
long anticipation 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
taught trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
straightforward positive 
straightforward trust 
chase negative 
interrogate fear 
hunter anticipation 
hunter fear 
hunter negative 
hunter sadness 
hunter anticipation 
hunter fear 
hunter negative 
hunter sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
foe anger 
foe fear 
foe negative 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
ship anticipation 
traitor anger 
traitor disgust 
traitor fear 
traitor negative 
traitor sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
hide fear 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
reason positive 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
battery anger 
battery negative 
spoke negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
spoke negative 
innocuous positive 
innocent positive 
innocent trust 
subject negative 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
melancholy negative 
melancholy sadness 
time anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
thought anticipation 
time anticipation 
thought anticipation 
completely positive 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
amusing joy 
amusing positive 
time anticipation 
hilarious joy 
hilarious positive 
hilarious surprise 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
nose disgust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
real positive 
real trust 
poke anticipation 
poke negative 
working positive 
friendship joy 
friendship positive 
friendship trust 
scrambling negative 
couch sadness 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
emptiness sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
cage negative 
cage sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
disconnected negative 
disconnected sadness 
completely positive 
board anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
words anger 
words negative 
series trust 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
crew trust 
murder anger 
murder disgust 
murder fear 
murder negative 
murder sadness 
murder surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
occupant positive 
occupant trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
tension anger 
battlefield fear 
battlefield negative 
action positive 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
pistol negative 
resident positive 
hostile anger 
hostile disgust 
hostile fear 
hostile negative 
standing positive 
blue sadness 
team trust 
base trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
credit positive 
credit trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
waver fear 
waver negative 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
long anticipation 
disuse negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
expected anticipation 
responsive anticipation 
responsive positive 
responsive trust 
word positive 
word trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
ship anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
break surprise 
pillow positive 
damned negative 
trust trust 
thought anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
hide fear 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
words anger 
words negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
thought anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
standing positive 
credit positive 
credit trust 
miracle anticipation 
miracle joy 
miracle positive 
miracle surprise 
miracle trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
convinced trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hallucination fear 
hallucination negative 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
guess surprise 
break surprise 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
paralysis anger 
paralysis anticipation 
paralysis fear 
paralysis negative 
paralysis sadness 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
barrier anger 
barrier negative 
blue sadness 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
time anticipation 
blue sadness 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
lines fear 
hide fear 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
trick negative 
trick surprise 
warning fear 
wrong negative 
wrong negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
thought anticipation 
deserve anger 
deserve anticipation 
deserve positive 
deserve trust 
operation fear 
operation trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
flesh disgust 
small negative 
effort positive 
upright positive 
upright trust 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
chattering positive 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
glaring anger 
glaring negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
ground trust 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
swear positive 
swear trust 
swear positive 
swear trust 
attention positive 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
coming anticipation 
seize fear 
seize negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
terminal fear 
terminal negative 
terminal sadness 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
whine disgust 
whine negative 
whine sadness 
thought anticipation 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
disturbed anger 
disturbed negative 
disturbed sadness 
swift positive 
blue sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
damned negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
sweat fear 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
start anticipation 
cooperating positive 
cooperating trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
furrow sadness 
displeasure disgust 
displeasure negative 
words anger 
words negative 
rein negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
certainty positive 
imminent anticipation 
imminent fear 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
time anticipation 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
thought anticipation 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
completely positive 
disappear fear 
wrong negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
incredulous anger 
incredulous disgust 
incredulous negative 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
shed negative 
volunteer anticipation 
volunteer fear 
volunteer joy 
volunteer positive 
volunteer trust 
shed negative 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
slender positive 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
determined positive 
succeed anticipation 
succeed joy 
succeed positive 
succeed surprise 
succeed trust 
instructor anticipation 
instructor positive 
instructor trust 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
shed negative 
time anticipation 
learning positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
hit anger 
hit negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
gruff anger 
gruff disgust 
gruff negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
demanding negative 
instructor anticipation 
instructor positive 
instructor trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
virtue positive 
virtue trust 
daily anticipation 
shed negative 
dinner positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
damned negative 
cringe disgust 
cringe fear 
cringe negative 
cringe sadness 
shed negative 
subjected negative 
subjected sadness 
deserved positive 
deserved positive 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
fire fear 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
dark sadness 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
spoke negative 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
virtue positive 
virtue trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
demanding negative 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
practice positive 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
attention positive 
attention positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
spoke negative 
talk positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
strained anger 
strained negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
familiarity anticipation 
familiarity joy 
familiarity positive 
familiarity trust 
shed negative 
cool positive 
time anticipation 
dashed anger 
dashed fear 
dashed negative 
dashed sadness 
pleasant anticipation 
pleasant joy 
pleasant positive 
pleasant surprise 
pleasant trust 
completely positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shed negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
puppy anticipation 
puppy positive 
puppy trust 
small negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
dark sadness 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
inform trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
change fear 
stable positive 
stable trust 
supplies positive 
expecting anticipation 
instability disgust 
instability fear 
instability negative 
bank trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
words anger 
words negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
ease positive 
guarded trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
shed negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
cursed anger 
cursed fear 
cursed negative 
cursed sadness 
complicated negative 
suddenly surprise 
headache negative 
surprised surprise 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
annihilation anger 
annihilation fear 
annihilation negative 
annihilation sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
headache negative 
working positive 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
question positive 
unwavering positive 
unwavering trust 
certainty positive 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
cool positive 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
damned negative 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
change fear 
fire fear 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
shout anger 
shout surprise 
fire fear 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
thought anticipation 
bear anger 
bear fear 
stealth surprise 
system trust 
stealth surprise 
system trust 
hot anger 
harbinger anger 
harbinger anticipation 
harbinger fear 
harbinger negative 
real positive 
real trust 
possibility anticipation 
thought anticipation 
terror fear 
terror negative 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
headache negative 
shed negative 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
valiant positive 
shed negative 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
wrong negative 
unwelcome negative 
unwelcome sadness 
willingness positive 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
cold negative 
sense positive 
wrong negative 
tender joy 
tender positive 
tender trust 
gap negative 
vague negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
slack negative 
hot anger 
rest positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
sense positive 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
annoy anger 
annoy disgust 
annoy negative 
small negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
forgive positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
expertise positive 
expertise trust 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
distraction negative 
shed negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
trust trust 
time anticipation 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
pointedly positive 
furrow sadness 
rest positive 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
thought anticipation 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
stomach disgust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
change fear 
subject negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
professional positive 
professional trust 
hide fear 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
monster fear 
monster negative 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
joke negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
conversational positive 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
vague negative 
trick negative 
trick surprise 
question positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
question positive 
strongly positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
deflate anger 
deflate negative 
deflate sadness 
mobile anticipation 
shed negative 
offer positive 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
wrong negative 
hidden negative 
calm positive 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
bear anger 
bear fear 
word positive 
word trust 
stunned fear 
stunned negative 
stunned surprise 
stone anger 
stone negative 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
base trust 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
lunatic anger 
lunatic disgust 
lunatic fear 
lunatic negative 
brains positive 
conviction negative 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
thought anticipation 
standing positive 
shed negative 
knowledge positive 
dread anticipation 
dread fear 
dread negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
calculating negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
daring positive 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
passion anticipation 
passion joy 
passion positive 
passion trust 
hatred anger 
hatred disgust 
hatred fear 
hatred negative 
hatred sadness 
cold negative 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
amnesia negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
recovery positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
denied negative 
denied sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
heavily negative 
glowing positive 
rest positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
wrong negative 
thought anticipation 
entertain joy 
entertain positive 
shed negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
quarantine fear 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
copy negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
long anticipation 
shed negative 
long anticipation 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
stomach disgust 
choice positive 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
copy negative 
copy negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
shed negative 
childhood joy 
childhood positive 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
black negative 
black sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
lines fear 
subject negative 
dark sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
occupy positive 
time anticipation 
unsettled anger 
unsettled disgust 
unsettled fear 
unsettled negative 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
anxiety anger 
anxiety anticipation 
anxiety fear 
anxiety negative 
anxiety sadness 
mouth surprise 
shed negative 
tackle anger 
tackle surprise 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
noted positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
stiffness negative 
actual positive 
success anticipation 
success joy 
success positive 
strength positive 
strength trust 
desperate negative 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
upright positive 
upright trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
devastating anger 
devastating disgust 
devastating fear 
devastating negative 
devastating sadness 
devastating trust 
shed negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
shed negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
knowing positive 
swear positive 
swear trust 
words anger 
words negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
worth positive 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
extricate anticipation 
extricate positive 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
heavily negative 
embarrassing negative 
sweat fear 
shed negative 
gear positive 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
leaning trust 
akin trust 
sweat fear 
pillow positive 
hiss anger 
hiss fear 
hiss negative 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
wrath anger 
wrath fear 
wrath negative 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
female positive 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
real positive 
real trust 
leaning trust 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
mouth surprise 
mouth surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
serve negative 
serve trust 
blue sadness 
clue anticipation 
newcomer fear 
newcomer surprise 
shed negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
shed negative 
ready anticipation 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
break surprise 
start anticipation 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
pull positive 
tripping anger 
tripping negative 
tripping sadness 
alarm fear 
alarm negative 
alarm surprise 
rail anger 
rail anticipation 
rail negative 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
blue sadness 
calculating negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
time anticipation 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
manage positive 
manage trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
fair positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
amused joy 
amused positive 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
reason positive 
mouth surprise 
unbelievable negative 
unbelievable negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
rail anger 
rail anticipation 
rail negative 
balance positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
explain positive 
explain trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
ready anticipation 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
balance positive 
supported positive 
backward negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
shed negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
giving positive 
long anticipation 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shed negative 
bizarre negative 
bizarre surprise 
glide anticipation 
glide joy 
glide positive 
crew trust 
hidden negative 
hide fear 
full positive 
complement anticipation 
complement joy 
complement positive 
complement surprise 
complement trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
time anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
mouth surprise 
chance surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
throb fear 
throb negative 
throb sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
proof trust 
presence positive 
shed negative 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
shed negative 
stupid negative 
eel fear 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
bless anticipation 
bless joy 
bless positive 
bless trust 
thought anticipation 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
model positive 
damned negative 
damned negative 
fill trust 
shed negative 
expecting anticipation 
staring negative 
pistol negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
offer positive 
time anticipation 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
avoiding fear 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
leaning trust 
forward positive 
pistol negative 
effort positive 
muzzle fear 
muzzle negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
question positive 
real positive 
real trust 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
shed negative 
plea anticipation 
plea fear 
plea negative 
plea sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
lines fear 
spoke negative 
tired negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
pull positive 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
unseat sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
pistol negative 
thought anticipation 
unyielding negative 
suddenly surprise 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
crew trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
cursing anger 
cursing disgust 
cursing negative 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
palpable surprise 
punch anger 
punch fear 
punch negative 
punch sadness 
punch surprise 
gut disgust 
forward positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
touched negative 
muzzle fear 
muzzle negative 
prying negative 
pistol negative 
time anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
long anticipation 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
truth positive 
truth trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
guess surprise 
start anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
wry negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
convincing trust 
toast joy 
toast positive 
breakfast positive 
truth positive 
truth trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
break surprise 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
antiseptic positive 
antiseptic trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
stink disgust 
stink negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
believed trust 
believed trust 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
certainty positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
threatening anger 
threatening disgust 
threatening fear 
threatening negative 
avoiding fear 
damned negative 
jungle fear 
outcome positive 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
closure anticipation 
closure joy 
closure positive 
closure sadness 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
joined positive 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
question positive 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
ignore negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
creep negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
nose disgust 
mouth surprise 
speech positive 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
defeat negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
dark sadness 
time anticipation 
composed positive 
determination positive 
determination trust 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
full positive 
crew trust 
board anticipation 
father trust 
question positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
overdue anticipation 
overdue negative 
overdue sadness 
overdue surprise 
time anticipation 
important positive 
important trust 
limp negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
model positive 
thought anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
trust trust 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
shed negative 
war fear 
war negative 
constantly trust 
rest positive 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
rest positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
thought anticipation 
despairing fear 
despairing negative 
despairing sadness 
start anticipation 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
start anticipation 
information positive 
educated positive 
information positive 
dark sadness 
hit anger 
hit negative 
argument anger 
argument negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
hostage anger 
hostage fear 
hostage negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
neutral anticipation 
neutral trust 
working positive 
real positive 
real trust 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
long anticipation 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
break surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
primary positive 
gear positive 
trust trust 
show trust 
words anger 
words negative 
pressure negative 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
offer positive 
long anticipation 
ghost fear 
black negative 
black sadness 
gasp surprise 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
bleak negative 
bleak sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
spent negative 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
mouth surprise 
shed negative 
sour disgust 
sour negative 
words anger 
words negative 
accusation anger 
accusation disgust 
accusation negative 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
coming anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
ship anticipation 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
happen anticipation 
conversational positive 
completely positive 
hardness negative 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
shed negative 
long anticipation 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
completely positive 
daring positive 
weakened negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
tender joy 
tender positive 
tender trust 
stomach disgust 
trust trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
embrace anticipation 
embrace joy 
embrace positive 
embrace surprise 
embrace trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
wary fear 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
frantic anticipation 
frantic disgust 
frantic fear 
frantic negative 
frantic surprise 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
coming anticipation 
unintelligible negative 
swear positive 
swear trust 
words anger 
words negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
alliance trust 
ignorant disgust 
ignorant negative 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
status positive 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
question positive 
certainty positive 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
menace anger 
menace fear 
menace negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
full positive 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
irresponsible negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
assure trust 
fill trust 
time anticipation 
translation trust 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
helpful joy 
helpful positive 
helpful trust 
lines fear 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
aesthetic positive 
offense anger 
offense disgust 
offense fear 
offense negative 
offense sadness 
criminal anger 
criminal disgust 
criminal fear 
criminal negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
art anticipation 
art joy 
art positive 
art sadness 
art surprise 
spoke negative 
word positive 
word trust 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
solidarity trust 
hidden negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
coincidence surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
numbers positive 
reading positive 
word positive 
word trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
translation trust 
sudden surprise 
unbearable disgust 
unbearable negative 
unbearable sadness 
break surprise 
thought anticipation 
vomit disgust 
trust trust 
veracity anticipation 
veracity joy 
veracity positive 
veracity surprise 
veracity trust 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
erase fear 
erase negative 
panic fear 
panic negative 
ready anticipation 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
soothe positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
time anticipation 
iris fear 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
question positive 
choice positive 
wrong negative 
disconnected negative 
disconnected sadness 
long anticipation 
illness fear 
illness negative 
illness sadness 
thought anticipation 
protective positive 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
reason positive 
trust trust 
ancient negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
impression positive 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
touched negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
thought anticipation 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
focus positive 
numb negative 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
row anger 
row negative 
guess surprise 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
desperate negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
warned anticipation 
warned fear 
warned surprise 
touched negative 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
cold negative 
absolute positive 
certainty positive 
trust trust 
mourning negative 
mourning sadness 
break surprise 
brother positive 
brother trust 
relief positive 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
infinite positive 
expert positive 
expert trust 
fierce anger 
fierce disgust 
fierce fear 
fierce negative 
fire fear 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
determination positive 
determination trust 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
confined anger 
confined disgust 
confined fear 
confined negative 
confined sadness 
injury anger 
injury fear 
injury negative 
injury sadness 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
calls anticipation 
calls negative 
calls trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
joy joy 
joy positive 
reconciliation anticipation 
reconciliation joy 
reconciliation positive 
reconciliation trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
spirit positive 
valiant positive 
warrior anger 
warrior fear 
warrior positive 
defeat negative 
cold negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
convinced trust 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
expected anticipation 
lead positive 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
bore negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
examination fear 
examination negative 
examination surprise 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
guilt disgust 
guilt negative 
guilt sadness 
oversight negative 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
audience anticipation 
joke negative 
break surprise 
tension anger 
rage anger 
rage negative 
equally positive 
reading positive 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
growl anger 
growl fear 
growl negative 
spelling positive 
script positive 
time anticipation 
letter anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
sense positive 
word positive 
word trust 
nonsense negative 
waver fear 
waver negative 
shed negative 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
thought anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
spat anger 
spat negative 
virulence anger 
virulence fear 
virulence negative 
violence anger 
violence fear 
violence negative 
violence sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
time anticipation 
brother positive 
brother trust 
warning fear 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
long anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
small negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
uncomfortable negative 
reading positive 
vice negative 
secret trust 
knowledge positive 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
clever positive 
organize positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
forward positive 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
weakly fear 
weakly negative 
weakly sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
guarded trust 
terrorist anger 
terrorist disgust 
terrorist fear 
terrorist negative 
terrorist sadness 
terrorist surprise 
guardian positive 
guardian trust 
prime positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
dark sadness 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
untrained negative 
argument anger 
argument negative 
information positive 
attempt anticipation 
worth positive 
wearily negative 
wearily sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
wrong negative 
backward negative 
script positive 
startling surprise 
brilliant anticipation 
brilliant joy 
brilliant positive 
brilliant trust 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
ghost fear 
brother positive 
brother trust 
openness positive 
backward negative 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
clue anticipation 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
excitement anticipation 
excitement joy 
excitement positive 
excitement surprise 
swift positive 
change fear 
lonely anger 
lonely disgust 
lonely fear 
lonely negative 
lonely sadness 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
clever positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
maniac anger 
maniac fear 
maniac negative 
brother positive 
brother trust 
granted positive 
shed negative 
maniac anger 
maniac fear 
maniac negative 
fussy disgust 
fussy negative 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
completely positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
completely positive 
backward negative 
working positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
working positive 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
rest positive 
sense positive 
careful positive 
sense positive 
reserve positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
audience anticipation 
shed negative 
slump negative 
slump sadness 
letter anticipation 
hidden negative 
numbers positive 
sense positive 
marry anticipation 
marry fear 
marry joy 
marry positive 
marry surprise 
marry trust 
cohesive positive 
cohesive trust 
hunch negative 
guess surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
break surprise 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
organization anticipation 
organization joy 
organization positive 
organization surprise 
organization trust 
main positive 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
action positive 
wasted anger 
wasted disgust 
wasted negative 
nose disgust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
backward negative 
sense positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
remove anger 
remove fear 
remove negative 
remove sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
full positive 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
convinced trust 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
trust trust 
assessment surprise 
assessment trust 
sense positive 
long anticipation 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
specialist trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
delay anger 
delay disgust 
delay fear 
delay negative 
delay sadness 
thought anticipation 
cool positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
disconnected negative 
disconnected sadness 
linger anticipation 
father trust 
organization anticipation 
organization joy 
organization positive 
organization surprise 
organization trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
fire fear 
reason positive 
expecting anticipation 
mouth surprise 
lowering negative 
spoke negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
painfully negative 
painfully sadness 
strained anger 
strained negative 
convinced trust 
captain positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
discomfort negative 
discomfort sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
coming anticipation 
surprised surprise 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
touched negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
spoke negative 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
pretend negative 
fire fear 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
time anticipation 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
stupidity negative 
pretended negative 
disembodied fear 
disembodied negative 
disembodied sadness 
patch negative 
battlefield fear 
battlefield negative 
manifestation fear 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
time anticipation 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
explain positive 
explain trust 
crew trust 
words anger 
words negative 
accusation anger 
accusation disgust 
accusation negative 
resignation negative 
resignation sadness 
resignation surprise 
unwavering positive 
unwavering trust 
gut disgust 
hide fear 
logical positive 
caution anger 
caution anticipation 
caution fear 
caution negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
wry negative 
amused joy 
amused positive 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
poisoned anger 
poisoned disgust 
poisoned fear 
poisoned negative 
poisoned sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
foreign negative 
cancer anger 
cancer disgust 
cancer fear 
cancer negative 
cancer sadness 
doubting negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
solid positive 
reason positive 
untrustworthy anger 
untrustworthy negative 
hot anger 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
confined anger 
confined disgust 
confined fear 
confined negative 
confined sadness 
content joy 
content positive 
content trust 
hidden negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
crack negative 
illusion negative 
illusion surprise 
recovery positive 
time anticipation 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
startling surprise 
reverie joy 
reverie positive 
reverie trust 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
defenseless fear 
defenseless negative 
defenseless sadness 
infant anticipation 
infant fear 
infant joy 
infant positive 
infant surprise 
sir positive 
sir trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
mouth surprise 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
inappropriate anger 
inappropriate disgust 
inappropriate negative 
inappropriate sadness 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
affront anger 
affront disgust 
affront fear 
affront negative 
affront sadness 
affront surprise 
cover trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
real positive 
real trust 
smirk negative 
lines fear 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
chance surprise 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
time anticipation 
veritable positive 
gang anger 
gang fear 
gang negative 
wonderful joy 
wonderful positive 
wonderful surprise 
wonderful trust 
working positive 
bother negative 
war fear 
war negative 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
weird disgust 
weird negative 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
weird disgust 
weird negative 
real positive 
real trust 
ridiculous anger 
ridiculous disgust 
ridiculous negative 
stupid negative 
pleasant anticipation 
pleasant joy 
pleasant positive 
pleasant surprise 
pleasant trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
rest positive 
nose disgust 
mouth surprise 
nasty anger 
nasty disgust 
nasty fear 
nasty negative 
nasty sadness 
ship anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
exaggerated negative 
battle anger 
battle negative 
explain positive 
explain trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
tale positive 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
question positive 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
damned negative 
war fear 
war negative 
deserve anger 
deserve anticipation 
deserve positive 
deserve trust 
word positive 
word trust 
war fear 
war negative 
resolutely positive 
forward positive 
spoke negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
shed negative 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
stark negative 
stark trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
eloquent positive 
blind negative 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
frantic anticipation 
frantic disgust 
frantic fear 
frantic negative 
frantic surprise 
thought anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
break surprise 
full positive 
acceptance positive 
plan anticipation 
authority positive 
authority trust 
snort sadness 
thought anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
status positive 
completely positive 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
abuse anger 
abuse disgust 
abuse fear 
abuse negative 
abuse sadness 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
fair positive 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
sore anger 
sore negative 
sore sadness 
sore anger 
sore negative 
sore sadness 
thought anticipation 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
thought anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
solid positive 
argue anger 
argue negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
chance surprise 
catch surprise 
information positive 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
interrogation fear 
fair positive 
worth positive 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
determination positive 
determination trust 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
spoke negative 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
specialist trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
departed negative 
departed sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
parade anticipation 
parade fear 
parade joy 
parade negative 
parade positive 
parade surprise 
rest positive 
earn positive 
reprimand anger 
reprimand negative 
clue anticipation 
implacable negative 
sturdy positive 
stiff negative 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
reason positive 
words anger 
words negative 
word positive 
word trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
blurred negative 
pull positive 
question positive 
explain positive 
explain trust 
involvement anger 
nose disgust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
snide negative 
clearance positive 
clearance trust 
distorted disgust 
distorted negative 
question positive 
absolute positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
forward positive 
action positive 
reason positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
justice positive 
justice trust 
level positive 
level trust 
thought anticipation 
level positive 
level trust 
father trust 
chance surprise 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
expected anticipation 
shambles negative 
mouth surprise 
sir positive 
sir trust 
forte positive 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
aura positive 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
blues fear 
blues negative 
blues sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
ability positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
word positive 
word trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
relief positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
completely positive 
time anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
ship anticipation 
talk positive 
ready anticipation 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
rational positive 
rational trust 
option positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
confide trust 
worth positive 
question positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
console positive 
console sadness 
terminate sadness 
question positive 
shed negative 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
damned negative 
ugly disgust 
ugly negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
crack negative 
forte positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
determination positive 
determination trust 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
flagging negative 
begging negative 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
delay anger 
delay disgust 
delay fear 
delay negative 
delay sadness 
ready anticipation 
giving positive 
vow anticipation 
vow joy 
vow positive 
vow trust 
wonderful joy 
wonderful positive 
wonderful surprise 
wonderful trust 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
shed negative 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
warden anger 
warden fear 
warden negative 
warden trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
hopelessness anger 
hopelessness disgust 
hopelessness fear 
hopelessness negative 
hopelessness sadness 
hunch negative 
pessimism anger 
pessimism fear 
pessimism negative 
pessimism sadness 
hiding fear 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
expert positive 
expert trust 
shed negative 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
break surprise 
shed negative 
successful anticipation 
successful joy 
successful positive 
successful trust 
military fear 
ally positive 
ally trust 
blindly negative 
blindly sadness 
successful anticipation 
successful joy 
successful positive 
successful trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
ruin fear 
ruin negative 
ruin sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
hidden negative 
land positive 
giant fear 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
proven trust 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
small negative 
grenade fear 
grenade negative 
small negative 
wrong negative 
wrong negative 
shed negative 
sense positive 
shed negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
overt fear 
father trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
hiding fear 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
coming anticipation 
cruel anger 
cruel disgust 
cruel fear 
cruel negative 
cruel sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
fair positive 
plea anticipation 
plea fear 
plea negative 
plea sadness 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
deaf negative 
theory anticipation 
theory trust 
practice positive 
father trust 
real positive 
real trust 
option positive 
baby joy 
baby positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
shed negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
influence negative 
influence positive 
protected trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
deadly anger 
deadly disgust 
deadly fear 
deadly negative 
deadly sadness 
destructive anger 
destructive disgust 
destructive fear 
destructive negative 
ordnance fear 
ordnance negative 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
acceptable positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
start anticipation 
believing positive 
believing trust 
real positive 
real trust 
talk positive 
words anger 
words negative 
damned negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
completely positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
hiding fear 
unsuspecting surprise 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
damned negative 
thought anticipation 
thought anticipation 
equally positive 
horrifying disgust 
horrifying fear 
horrifying negative 
horrifying sadness 
equally positive 
option positive 
damned negative 
small negative 
ground trust 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
bury sadness 
lurch negative 
attempt anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
damned negative 
cascade positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
thought anticipation 
fact trust 
shed negative 
beach joy 
retirement anticipation 
retirement fear 
retirement joy 
retirement negative 
retirement positive 
retirement sadness 
retirement trust 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
hide fear 
forget negative 
plan anticipation 
landed positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
leisure anticipation 
leisure joy 
leisure positive 
leisure surprise 
leisure trust 
stupid negative 
useless negative 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
shed negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
tangled negative 
warning fear 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
long anticipation 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
wont anticipation 
shed negative 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
question positive 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
sudden surprise 
regretted negative 
regretted sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
crack negative 
shed negative 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
uneven negative 
trust trust 
poisoned anger 
poisoned disgust 
poisoned fear 
poisoned negative 
poisoned sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
time anticipation 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
information positive 
reluctant fear 
reluctant negative 
clue anticipation 
clue anticipation 
lead positive 
clue anticipation 
lead positive 
cold negative 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
pick positive 
slack negative 
information positive 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
suggest trust 
father trust 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
ship anticipation 
mania negative 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
agreeing positive 
agreeing trust 
fact trust 
facts positive 
facts trust 
wont anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
fortress fear 
fortress positive 
fortress sadness 
fortress trust 
shed negative 
pessimism anger 
pessimism fear 
pessimism negative 
pessimism sadness 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
outburst anger 
outburst fear 
outburst joy 
outburst negative 
outburst positive 
outburst sadness 
outburst surprise 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
shrill anger 
shrill fear 
shrill negative 
shrill surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
love joy 
love positive 
thought anticipation 
loving joy 
loving positive 
loving trust 
hide fear 
pretend negative 
break surprise 
truth positive 
truth trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
apology positive 
dismissal anger 
dismissal disgust 
dismissal fear 
dismissal negative 
dismissal sadness 
dismissal surprise 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
grace positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
trust trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
trust trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
change fear 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
thought anticipation 
ardent anticipation 
ardent joy 
ardent positive 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
believed trust 
believed trust 
halfway negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
stomach disgust 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
cold negative 
backwards disgust 
backwards negative 
mania negative 
emptiness sadness 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
certainty positive 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
damned negative 
count positive 
count trust 
real positive 
real trust 
center positive 
center trust 
monster fear 
monster negative 
headache negative 
throb fear 
throb negative 
throb sadness 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
bitterly anger 
bitterly disgust 
bitterly negative 
bitterly sadness 
guess surprise 
apology positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
words anger 
words negative 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
careful positive 
deliberate positive 
cramp anticipation 
cramp negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
alliance trust 
crew trust 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
swift positive 
spite anger 
spite negative 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
bother negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
time anticipation 
wont anticipation 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
change fear 
overdue anticipation 
overdue negative 
overdue sadness 
overdue surprise 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
rest positive 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
time anticipation 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
bear anger 
bear fear 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
time anticipation 
crew trust 
stress negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
board anticipation 
question positive 
shed negative 
start anticipation 
winning anticipation 
winning disgust 
winning joy 
winning positive 
winning sadness 
winning surprise 
winning trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
time anticipation 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
real positive 
real trust 
believed trust 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
series trust 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
dark sadness 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
demand anger 
demand negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
ignore negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
betrayal anger 
betrayal disgust 
betrayal negative 
betrayal sadness 
shed negative 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
assault anger 
assault fear 
assault negative 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
pistol negative 
widow sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
relief positive 
disgruntled anger 
disgruntled disgust 
disgruntled negative 
disgruntled sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
routine positive 
routine trust 
pick positive 
goodness anticipation 
goodness joy 
goodness positive 
goodness surprise 
goodness trust 
time anticipation 
desperate negative 
wont anticipation 
grab anger 
grab negative 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
alliance trust 
join positive 
hideous disgust 
hideous fear 
hideous negative 
hideous sadness 
strangle anger 
strangle disgust 
strangle fear 
strangle negative 
strangle sadness 
strangle surprise 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
coming anticipation 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
existence positive 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
time anticipation 
attempt anticipation 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
urgency anticipation 
urgency fear 
urgency surprise 
shed negative 
question positive 
time anticipation 
importance anticipation 
importance positive 
series trust 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
eat positive 
long anticipation 
stable positive 
stable trust 
stable positive 
stable trust 
praise joy 
praise positive 
praise trust 
serenity anticipation 
serenity joy 
serenity positive 
serenity trust 
reason positive 
reason positive 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
sentence anger 
sentence anticipation 
sentence disgust 
sentence fear 
sentence negative 
sentence sadness 
question positive 
heavily negative 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
diagnosis anticipation 
diagnosis fear 
diagnosis negative 
diagnosis trust 
believed trust 
hit anger 
hit negative 
tremendously positive 
pick positive 
venomous anger 
venomous disgust 
venomous fear 
venomous negative 
calls anticipation 
calls negative 
calls trust 
question positive 
judgment surprise 
time anticipation 
judgment surprise 
time anticipation 
lowering negative 
stomach disgust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
including positive 
time anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
stunned fear 
stunned negative 
stunned surprise 
ignorance negative 
stupid negative 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
salient positive 
war fear 
war negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
love joy 
love positive 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
truth positive 
truth trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
divorce anger 
divorce disgust 
divorce fear 
divorce negative 
divorce sadness 
divorce surprise 
divorce trust 
bother negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
pretend negative 
sense positive 
gambler anticipation 
gambler negative 
gambler surprise 
chance surprise 
amnesia negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
damned negative 
coincidence surprise 
mouth surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
important positive 
important trust 
important positive 
important trust 
approval positive 
thoughtful positive 
thoughtful trust 
console positive 
console sadness 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
start anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
time anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
shed negative 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
shed negative 
ordeal anger 
ordeal negative 
ordeal surprise 
shed negative 
task positive 
supporting positive 
supporting trust 
pull positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
determined positive 
tired negative 
determined positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
dismissal anger 
dismissal disgust 
dismissal fear 
dismissal negative 
dismissal sadness 
dismissal surprise 
speech positive 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
knowing positive 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
spoke negative 
fact trust 
late negative 
late sadness 
damned negative 
rest positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
lines fear 
pointedly positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
coming anticipation 
forget negative 
audience anticipation 
hooked negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
talk positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
completely positive 
blind negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
war fear 
war negative 
begun anticipation 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
talk positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
elbow anger 
secret trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
catch surprise 
honey positive 
vague negative 
crash fear 
crash negative 
crash sadness 
crash surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
forcibly anger 
forcibly fear 
forcibly negative 
vital positive 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
fever fear 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
constantly trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
information positive 
talk positive 
time anticipation 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
time anticipation 
cool positive 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
battlefield fear 
battlefield negative 
talk positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
grenade fear 
grenade negative 
time anticipation 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
lead positive 
lead positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
guess surprise 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
talk positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
selfish anger 
selfish disgust 
selfish negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
thought anticipation 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
damned negative 
nose disgust 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
thought anticipation 
selfishness negative 
bite negative 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
talk positive 
talk positive 
thought anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
score anticipation 
score joy 
score positive 
score surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
crew trust 
carefully positive 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
cool positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
decent positive 
leader positive 
leader trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
leader positive 
leader trust 
disparaging anger 
disparaging disgust 
disparaging negative 
disparaging sadness 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
ability positive 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
damned negative 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
glowing positive 
tenderness joy 
tenderness positive 
board anticipation 
emulate positive 
love joy 
love positive 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
thought anticipation 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
readiness anticipation 
readiness joy 
readiness positive 
readiness trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
expecting anticipation 
unkind anger 
unkind disgust 
unkind fear 
unkind negative 
unkind sadness 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
forward positive 
touched negative 
weeping sadness 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
swift positive 
grateful positive 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
catch surprise 
usual positive 
usual trust 
grateful positive 
reading positive 
words anger 
words negative 
rest positive 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
seals trust 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
ship anticipation 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
plan anticipation 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
leading trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
rule fear 
rule trust 
honesty positive 
honesty trust 
long anticipation 
prime positive 
important positive 
important trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
bite negative 
prime positive 
routine positive 
routine trust 
ship anticipation 
crew trust 
skeptical negative 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
amused joy 
amused positive 
fascinating positive 
bear anger 
bear fear 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
happen anticipation 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
mouth surprise 
bitterly anger 
bitterly disgust 
bitterly negative 
bitterly sadness 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
information positive 
leading trust 
presence positive 
words anger 
words negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
leaning trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
time anticipation 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
prime positive 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
impression positive 
mentor positive 
mentor trust 
learning positive 
expectant anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
forward positive 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
crew trust 
validity fear 
question positive 
twitch negative 
learning positive 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
shape positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
dubious fear 
dubious negative 
dubious trust 
forward positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
weird disgust 
weird negative 
seriousness fear 
seriousness sadness 
thoughtfulness positive 
politics anger 
war fear 
war negative 
offering trust 
chance surprise 
completely positive 
defunct negative 
defunct sadness 
organization anticipation 
organization joy 
organization positive 
organization surprise 
organization trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
show trust 
words anger 
words negative 
offer positive 
advice trust 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
ease positive 
thought anticipation 
lowering negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
advice trust 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
change fear 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
damned negative 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
wary fear 
uncomfortable negative 
unacceptable negative 
unacceptable sadness 
time anticipation 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
irate anger 
irate negative 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
fool disgust 
fool negative 
bland negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
wince anger 
wince disgust 
wince fear 
wince negative 
wince sadness 
serenity anticipation 
serenity joy 
serenity positive 
serenity trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
rest positive 
weakness negative 
spoke negative 
pensive sadness 
sense positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
sarcasm anger 
sarcasm disgust 
sarcasm negative 
sarcasm sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
joke negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
bound negative 
distaste disgust 
distaste negative 
constantly trust 
fixed trust 
sense positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
time anticipation 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
offer positive 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
privy negative 
privy trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
words anger 
words negative 
time anticipation 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
long anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
rest positive 
altercation anger 
altercation negative 
rest positive 
willingness positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
harrowing fear 
harrowing negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
school trust 
long anticipation 
rambling negative 
change fear 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
excruciating fear 
excruciating negative 
credit positive 
credit trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
righteous positive 
rage anger 
rage negative 
thought anticipation 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
thought anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
importance anticipation 
importance positive 
crew trust 
wary fear 
shed negative 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
time anticipation 
usual positive 
usual trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
thought anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
forearm anger 
forearm anticipation 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
sudden surprise 
curl positive 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
languid negative 
advice trust 
advice trust 
question positive 
assent positive 
long anticipation 
coup anger 
coup surprise 
hazard fear 
hazard negative 
guess surprise 
staring negative 
ground trust 
enigmatic fear 
enigmatic negative 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
alliance trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
nose disgust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
alliance trust 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
selfish anger 
selfish disgust 
selfish negative 
ship anticipation 
board anticipation 
moral anger 
moral positive 
moral trust 
compass trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
apology positive 
diplomatic positive 
diplomatic trust 
amused joy 
amused positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
yawn negative 
halfway negative 
mournful anger 
mournful fear 
mournful negative 
mournful sadness 
cue anticipation 
reason positive 
words anger 
words negative 
long anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
nap joy 
nap positive 
touched negative 
couch sadness 
dark sadness 
tension anger 
wry negative 
sweetness positive 
noisy anger 
noisy negative 
damned negative 
pull positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
talisman positive 
offer positive 
blue sadness 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
dark sadness 
shape positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
time anticipation 
velvet positive 
long anticipation 
counsel positive 
counsel trust 
presence positive 
mistress anger 
mistress disgust 
mistress negative 
standing positive 
full positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
intelligent positive 
intelligent trust 
ghost fear 
patter anger 
patter negative 
crack negative 
lightning anger 
lightning fear 
lightning surprise 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
emaciated fear 
emaciated negative 
emaciated sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
funeral sadness 
fitting anticipation 
fitting joy 
fitting positive 
fitting trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
tragic negative 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
chase negative 
coming anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
remains disgust 
remains fear 
remains negative 
remains positive 
remains trust 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
careful positive 
start anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
small negative 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
start anticipation 
small negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
incongruous anger 
incongruous negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
talk positive 
reason positive 
creature disgust 
creature fear 
creature negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
worthy positive 
worthy trust 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
stomach disgust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
ugly disgust 
ugly negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
real positive 
real trust 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
long anticipation 
sweat fear 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
love joy 
love positive 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
coming anticipation 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
offer positive 
shed negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
time anticipation 
tree anger 
tree anticipation 
tree disgust 
tree joy 
tree positive 
tree surprise 
tree trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
lead positive 
hideous disgust 
hideous fear 
hideous negative 
hideous sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
question positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
silk positive 
long anticipation 
stomach disgust 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
rusty negative 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
certainty positive 
certainty positive 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
innocuous positive 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
late negative 
late sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
forward positive 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
begging negative 
ground trust 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
shriek anger 
shriek fear 
shriek negative 
shriek sadness 
shriek surprise 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
forward positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
fixed trust 
time anticipation 
pull positive 
upright positive 
upright trust 
forward positive 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
mud negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
late negative 
late sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
lightning anger 
lightning fear 
lightning surprise 
useless negative 
coming anticipation 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
gasping fear 
gasping negative 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
real positive 
real trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
terror fear 
terror negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
couch sadness 
leaning trust 
slender positive 
thought anticipation 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
purgatory disgust 
purgatory fear 
purgatory negative 
upright positive 
upright trust 
diminished negative 
persistent positive 
headache negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
cage negative 
cage sadness 
inattention anger 
inattention negative 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
strike anger 
strike negative 
strike anger 
strike negative 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
grateful positive 
blue sadness 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
long anticipation 
long anticipation 
collateral trust 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
bonus anticipation 
bonus joy 
bonus positive 
bonus surprise 
ire anger 
ire negative 
disparity anger 
disparity disgust 
disparity negative 
disparity sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
advantage positive 
thought anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
upright positive 
upright trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
polite positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
expecting anticipation 
gut disgust 
bile anger 
bile disgust 
bile negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
mouth surprise 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
inane negative 
bother negative 
wrong negative 
denied negative 
denied sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
team trust 
numb negative 
count positive 
count trust 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
hit anger 
hit negative 
guess surprise 
hit anger 
hit negative 
hot anger 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
pretended negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
grateful positive 
small negative 
mercy positive 
horrible anger 
horrible disgust 
horrible fear 
horrible negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
seizure fear 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
surprisingly anticipation 
surprisingly surprise 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
long anticipation 
truth positive 
truth trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
disappear fear 
full positive 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
horse trust 
thought anticipation 
giant fear 
horse trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
full positive 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
inquisitive positive 
full positive 
unpleasant disgust 
unpleasant negative 
unpleasant sadness 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
crew trust 
ship anticipation 
innocent positive 
innocent trust 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
start anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
cursing anger 
cursing disgust 
cursing negative 
bait fear 
bait negative 
bait trust 
attempt anticipation 
trust trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
pool positive 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
pool positive 
slim positive 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
misery anger 
misery disgust 
misery fear 
misery negative 
misery sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
long anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
granted positive 
measure trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
horse trust 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
wont anticipation 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shed negative 
shed negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
crew trust 
abrupt surprise 
meek sadness 
apology positive 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
major positive 
mobile anticipation 
constantly trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
catch surprise 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
pistol negative 
completely positive 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
shed negative 
break surprise 
abuse anger 
abuse disgust 
abuse fear 
abuse negative 
abuse sadness 
wretched disgust 
wretched negative 
wretched sadness 
forward positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
rest positive 
crew trust 
interested disgust 
interested positive 
interested sadness 
damned negative 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
interested disgust 
interested positive 
interested sadness 
interested disgust 
interested positive 
interested sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
change fear 
embarrass negative 
embarrass sadness 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
glowing positive 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
long anticipation 
curiosity anticipation 
curiosity positive 
curiosity surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
curiosity anticipation 
curiosity positive 
curiosity surprise 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
crew trust 
proven trust 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
improve anticipation 
improve joy 
improve positive 
improve trust 
improvement joy 
improvement positive 
improvement trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
liar disgust 
liar negative 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
nasty anger 
nasty disgust 
nasty fear 
nasty negative 
nasty sadness 
devious negative 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
level positive 
level trust 
question positive 
staring negative 
pointedly positive 
interesting positive 
level positive 
level trust 
wont anticipation 
shed negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
useless negative 
melee fear 
melee negative 
disapproving anger 
disapproving disgust 
disapproving negative 
disapproving sadness 
noise negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
change fear 
subject negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
escaped fear 
vice negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
balance positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
guess surprise 
brother positive 
brother trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
formidable fear 
pick positive 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
offer positive 
pity sadness 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
ship anticipation 
departure negative 
departure sadness 
time anticipation 
lowering negative 
relief positive 
change fear 
subject negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
widow sadness 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
improved positive 
brother positive 
brother trust 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
damned negative 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
mortal negative 
pistol negative 
level positive 
level trust 
system trust 
offset anticipation 
offset positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
noise negative 
shed negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
useless negative 
spectacular anticipation 
spectacular surprise 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
time anticipation 
warning fear 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
widow sadness 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
fair positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
shed negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
long anticipation 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
foolish negative 
sudden surprise 
indignation anger 
indignation disgust 
indignation negative 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
sorrow fear 
sorrow negative 
sorrow sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
stupid negative 
brother positive 
brother trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
nepotism anger 
nepotism disgust 
nepotism negative 
nepotism sadness 
joking positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
letter anticipation 
law trust 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
spent negative 
touched negative 
stupid negative 
shed negative 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
full positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
restrained fear 
time anticipation 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
tipsy negative 
violent anger 
violent disgust 
violent fear 
violent negative 
violent surprise 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
overpriced anger 
overpriced disgust 
overpriced negative 
overpriced sadness 
incomprehensible negative 
rest positive 
ready anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
rest positive 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
superhuman positive 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
unkind anger 
unkind disgust 
unkind fear 
unkind negative 
unkind sadness 
standing positive 
mouth surprise 
presence positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
noise negative 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
talk positive 
talk positive 
damned negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
information positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
offended anger 
offended negative 
offended sadness 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
seriousness fear 
seriousness sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
time anticipation 
interrogation fear 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
punishment anger 
punishment disgust 
punishment fear 
punishment negative 
grave fear 
grave negative 
grave sadness 
leery surprise 
talk positive 
eat positive 
full positive 
attention positive 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
brother positive 
brother trust 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
flood fear 
relief positive 
overwhelming positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
success anticipation 
success joy 
success positive 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
alliance trust 
major positive 
loyalty positive 
loyalty trust 
honor positive 
honor trust 
ominous anticipation 
ominous fear 
ominous negative 
brother positive 
brother trust 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
shed negative 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
shed negative 
abrupt surprise 
information positive 
spite anger 
spite negative 
show trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
bribe negative 
major positive 
league positive 
certainty positive 
curiosity anticipation 
curiosity positive 
curiosity surprise 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
trust trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
father trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
giving positive 
visit positive 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
sincere positive 
sincere trust 
politics anger 
careful positive 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
time anticipation 
careful positive 
major positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
aye positive 
aye positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
pry anger 
pry anticipation 
pry negative 
pry trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
information positive 
wont anticipation 
show trust 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
love joy 
love positive 
trust trust 
major positive 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
hunting anger 
hunting anticipation 
hunting fear 
hunting negative 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
split negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
kicking anger 
ass negative 
wrong negative 
ship anticipation 
thought anticipation 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
constantly trust 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
visit positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
solid positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
speedy positive 
craft positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
errand anticipation 
errand positive 
errand trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
information positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
time anticipation 
heal joy 
heal positive 
heal trust 
devastating anger 
devastating disgust 
devastating fear 
devastating negative 
devastating sadness 
devastating trust 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
task positive 
providing anticipation 
providing joy 
providing positive 
providing trust 
actual positive 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
carefully positive 
shed negative 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
attempt anticipation 
accelerate anticipation 
recovery positive 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
shed negative 
series trust 
ultimately anticipation 
ultimately positive 
assured positive 
assured trust 
ship anticipation 
core positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
inadequate negative 
inadequate sadness 
hurried anticipation 
hurried negative 
damned negative 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
sense positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
spent negative 
tension anger 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
start anticipation 
shed negative 
shed negative 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
complicated negative 
cannon anger 
cannon fear 
cannon negative 
core positive 
damned negative 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
lines fear 
arrival anticipation 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
long anticipation 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
attention positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
damned negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
accused anger 
accused fear 
accused negative 
coming anticipation 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
spit disgust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
wear negative 
wear trust 
hiding fear 
blue sadness 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
giving positive 
injection fear 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
couch sadness 
staring negative 
disappear fear 
truth positive 
truth trust 
unguarded surprise 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
injection fear 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
amused joy 
amused positive 
fancy anticipation 
fancy joy 
fancy positive 
laser positive 
laser trust 
sudden surprise 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
stupid negative 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
stupid negative 
time anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
nose disgust 
dislocated anger 
dislocated disgust 
dislocated fear 
dislocated negative 
dislocated sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
ship anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
wont anticipation 
wont anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
plea anticipation 
plea fear 
plea negative 
plea sadness 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
couch sadness 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
fixed trust 
staring negative 
full positive 
horrible anger 
horrible disgust 
horrible fear 
horrible negative 
brandy negative 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
drown fear 
drown negative 
drown sadness 
base trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
fancy anticipation 
fancy joy 
fancy positive 
laser positive 
laser trust 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
battle anger 
battle negative 
touched negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
gasping fear 
gasping negative 
gulp fear 
gulp surprise 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
backward negative 
parting sadness 
time anticipation 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
agony anger 
agony fear 
agony negative 
agony sadness 
denying anticipation 
denying negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
futile negative 
futile sadness 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
time anticipation 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
knowing positive 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
joke negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
unfriendly anger 
unfriendly disgust 
unfriendly fear 
unfriendly negative 
unfriendly sadness 
ship anticipation 
worth positive 
rest positive 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
public anticipation 
public positive 
working positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
supply positive 
dear positive 
tension anger 
ease positive 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
joy joy 
joy positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
long anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
wry negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
time anticipation 
row anger 
row negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
couch sadness 
change fear 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
pull positive 
thought anticipation 
build positive 
barrier anger 
barrier negative 
catch surprise 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
thought anticipation 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
worth positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
long anticipation 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
halfway negative 
halfway negative 
seals trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
breakfast positive 
elbow anger 
time anticipation 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
principal positive 
principal trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
shed negative 
brother positive 
brother trust 
fact trust 
exaggerated negative 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
shed negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
breakfast positive 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
breakfast positive 
spoke negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
trust trust 
ready anticipation 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
core positive 
breakfast positive 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
reading positive 
deserved positive 
distrust anger 
distrust disgust 
distrust fear 
distrust negative 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
yawn negative 
groan disgust 
groan negative 
groan sadness 
long anticipation 
palpable surprise 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
backwards disgust 
backwards negative 
time anticipation 
touched negative 
dark sadness 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
tender joy 
tender positive 
tender trust 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
rubble fear 
rubble negative 
rubble sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
audience anticipation 
carefully positive 
makeshift negative 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
pristine positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
happily joy 
happily positive 
nose disgust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
jealousy anger 
jealousy disgust 
jealousy fear 
jealousy negative 
jealousy sadness 
mouthful disgust 
bliss joy 
bliss positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
strained anger 
strained negative 
intrusive anger 
intrusive disgust 
intrusive fear 
intrusive negative 
intrusive surprise 
satisfied joy 
satisfied positive 
brother positive 
brother trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
enjoy anticipation 
enjoy joy 
enjoy positive 
enjoy trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
time anticipation 
mouthful disgust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
catch surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
including positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
thought anticipation 
pleasant anticipation 
pleasant joy 
pleasant positive 
pleasant surprise 
pleasant trust 
spoke negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
fearing fear 
fearing negative 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
fire fear 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
thought anticipation 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
include positive 
subject negative 
shed negative 
working positive 
time anticipation 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
time anticipation 
pillow positive 
wrong negative 
vague negative 
wrong negative 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mouth surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
wry negative 
amused joy 
amused positive 
words anger 
words negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
carefully positive 
wrong negative 
relief positive 
change fear 
subject negative 
shed negative 
letter anticipation 
letter anticipation 
backward negative 
words anger 
words negative 
elegant joy 
elegant positive 
thought anticipation 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
thought anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
rest positive 
optimism anticipation 
optimism joy 
optimism positive 
optimism surprise 
optimism trust 
words anger 
words negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
certainty positive 
argument anger 
argument negative 
worth positive 
time anticipation 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
backwards disgust 
backwards negative 
words anger 
words negative 
gasp surprise 
shed negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
relapse fear 
relapse negative 
relapse sadness 
clever positive 
staring negative 
expected anticipation 
explode anger 
explode fear 
explode negative 
explode sadness 
explode surprise 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
emergency fear 
emergency negative 
emergency sadness 
emergency surprise 
pad positive 
trembling fear 
trembling negative 
jerk anger 
jerk surprise 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
violently anger 
violently disgust 
violently fear 
violently negative 
violently sadness 
brother positive 
brother trust 
attention positive 
military fear 
shed negative 
vacation anticipation 
vacation joy 
vacation positive 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
argue anger 
argue negative 
reason positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
long anticipation 
thought anticipation 
brother positive 
brother trust 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
beauty joy 
beauty positive 
word positive 
word trust 
expletive anger 
expletive negative 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
dark sadness 
spat anger 
spat negative 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
damned negative 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
palpable surprise 
tension anger 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
discussion positive 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
father trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
time anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
hostage anger 
hostage fear 
hostage negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
annoyance anger 
annoyance disgust 
annoyance negative 
fuse positive 
fuse trust 
long anticipation 
count positive 
count trust 
hiss anger 
hiss fear 
hiss negative 
leading trust 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
cold negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
calculating negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
stupid negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
cold negative 
hooded fear 
blues fear 
blues negative 
blues sadness 
shed negative 
shed negative 
completely positive 
immovable negative 
immovable positive 
immovable trust 
righteous positive 
fury anger 
fury fear 
fury negative 
fury sadness 
damned negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
confirmed positive 
confirmed trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
rage anger 
rage negative 
vital positive 
information positive 
parade anticipation 
parade fear 
parade joy 
parade negative 
parade positive 
parade surprise 
rest positive 
respectful positive 
respectful trust 
subordinate fear 
subordinate negative 
ambush anger 
ambush fear 
ambush negative 
ambush surprise 
blind negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
ground trust 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
lead positive 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
acceptable positive 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
barred negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
superior positive 
superior positive 
warning fear 
coincidence surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
word positive 
word trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
clue anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
shed negative 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
betrayal anger 
betrayal disgust 
betrayal negative 
betrayal sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
quote anticipation 
quote negative 
quote positive 
quote surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
marked positive 
sentence anger 
sentence anticipation 
sentence disgust 
sentence fear 
sentence negative 
sentence sadness 
numbers positive 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
major positive 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
superiority positive 
eschew anger 
eschew negative 
eschew sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
cover trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
hostage anger 
hostage fear 
hostage negative 
long anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
fake negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
prove positive 
real positive 
real trust 
question positive 
pity sadness 
pity sadness 
nose disgust 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
skewed anger 
skewed anticipation 
skewed negative 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
intend trust 
coldness anger 
coldness disgust 
coldness fear 
coldness negative 
coldness sadness 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
smack anger 
smack negative 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
despise anger 
despise disgust 
despise negative 
spoke negative 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
plea anticipation 
plea fear 
plea negative 
plea sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
rage anger 
rage negative 
credit positive 
credit trust 
halfway negative 
sneer anger 
sneer disgust 
sneer negative 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
wise positive 
guess surprise 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
leak negative 
believed trust 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
change fear 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
ship anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
serene negative 
serene trust 
hide fear 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
conversational positive 
feigned negative 
time anticipation 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
accusing anger 
accusing fear 
accusing negative 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
clever positive 
crusade anger 
crusade fear 
crusade negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
overwhelmed negative 
overwhelmed sadness 
older sadness 
established joy 
established positive 
real positive 
real trust 
reason positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
gate trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
dark sadness 
struggle anger 
struggle fear 
struggle negative 
struggle sadness 
terrorist anger 
terrorist disgust 
terrorist fear 
terrorist negative 
terrorist sadness 
terrorist surprise 
structure positive 
structure trust 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
secret trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
respectability positive 
working positive 
creature disgust 
creature fear 
creature negative 
information positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
alliance trust 
forte positive 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
arrogance negative 
fearing fear 
fearing negative 
disaster anger 
disaster disgust 
disaster fear 
disaster negative 
disaster sadness 
disaster surprise 
denying anticipation 
denying negative 
bother negative 
politics anger 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
interested disgust 
interested positive 
interested sadness 
stiff negative 
question positive 
shed negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
mouth surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
start anticipation 
ahead positive 
pet negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
cool positive 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
expected anticipation 
question positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
connoisseur joy 
connoisseur positive 
connoisseur trust 
infiltration negative 
infiltration positive 
terrorist anger 
terrorist disgust 
terrorist fear 
terrorist negative 
terrorist sadness 
terrorist surprise 
baby joy 
baby positive 
defiant anger 
defiant negative 
star anticipation 
star joy 
star positive 
star trust 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
privy negative 
privy trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
calculating negative 
blast anger 
blast fear 
blast negative 
blast surprise 
liking joy 
liking positive 
liking trust 
collateral trust 
anxiety anger 
anxiety anticipation 
anxiety fear 
anxiety negative 
anxiety sadness 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
military fear 
military fear 
expected anticipation 
special joy 
special positive 
erase fear 
erase negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
reading positive 
condone positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
clever positive 
happen anticipation 
working positive 
willingly positive 
unwavering positive 
unwavering trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
word positive 
word trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
deadly anger 
deadly disgust 
deadly fear 
deadly negative 
deadly sadness 
hide fear 
cover trust 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
torture anger 
torture anticipation 
torture disgust 
torture fear 
torture negative 
torture sadness 
predatory negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
attention positive 
forward positive 
suffering disgust 
suffering fear 
suffering negative 
suffering sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
love joy 
love positive 
talk positive 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
sorely negative 
sorely sadness 
mistaken fear 
mistaken negative 
words anger 
words negative 
build positive 
impress positive 
words anger 
words negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
weakness negative 
indecision negative 
time anticipation 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
suitable positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
deceptive negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
revenge anger 
revenge anticipation 
revenge fear 
revenge negative 
revenge surprise 
revenge anger 
revenge anticipation 
revenge fear 
revenge negative 
revenge surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
forbidding anger 
forbidding fear 
forbidding negative 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
tough negative 
tough sadness 
crack negative 
important positive 
important trust 
symmetry joy 
symmetry positive 
symmetry trust 
symmetry joy 
symmetry positive 
symmetry trust 
talk positive 
school trust 
teacher positive 
teacher trust 
thought anticipation 
inappropriate anger 
inappropriate disgust 
inappropriate negative 
inappropriate sadness 
time anticipation 
cooperate positive 
start anticipation 
eel fear 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
swift positive 
chart trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
insane anger 
insane fear 
insane negative 
insane anger 
insane fear 
insane negative 
fact trust 
forte positive 
thought anticipation 
leisurely positive 
pet negative 
unpredictable negative 
unpredictable surprise 
job positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
dull negative 
dull sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
reluctant fear 
reluctant negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
mouth surprise 
fixed trust 
talk positive 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
talk positive 
convincing trust 
plan anticipation 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
reason positive 
banished anger 
banished fear 
banished negative 
banished sadness 
mouth surprise 
sickly disgust 
sickly negative 
sickly sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
creative positive 
justice positive 
justice trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
rein negative 
rapid surprise 
insufficient negative 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
late negative 
late sadness 
prevail anticipation 
prevail joy 
prevail positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
agree positive 
coup anger 
coup surprise 
plan anticipation 
damned negative 
invasion anger 
invasion negative 
giant fear 
time anticipation 
start anticipation 
launch anticipation 
launch positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
long anticipation 
strike anger 
strike negative 
clever positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
contact positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
swear positive 
swear trust 
thought anticipation 
forgive positive 
colossal positive 
thought anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
fulfill joy 
fulfill positive 
creative positive 
ground trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
bargain positive 
bargain trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
amend positive 
merciful positive 
limp negative 
smirk negative 
astonishingly positive 
astonishingly surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
job positive 
fearing fear 
fearing negative 
betrayal anger 
betrayal disgust 
betrayal negative 
betrayal sadness 
warned anticipation 
warned fear 
warned surprise 
constant positive 
constant trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
alarm fear 
alarm negative 
alarm surprise 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
cold negative 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
vanish surprise 
time anticipation 
rest positive 
constantly trust 
proof trust 
suffering disgust 
suffering fear 
suffering negative 
suffering sadness 
serve negative 
serve trust 
badge trust 
honor positive 
honor trust 
happen anticipation 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
wearily negative 
wearily sadness 
convincing trust 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
thought anticipation 
bluff negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
liar disgust 
liar negative 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
desperate negative 
hurry anticipation 
miserably negative 
miserably sadness 
damned negative 
politics anger 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
careful positive 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
altercation anger 
altercation negative 
expected anticipation 
long anticipation 
composure positive 
surprised surprise 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
trust trust 
long anticipation 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
conscience positive 
conscience trust 
audience anticipation 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
interrogation fear 
abhorrent anger 
abhorrent disgust 
abhorrent fear 
abhorrent negative 
abuse anger 
abuse disgust 
abuse fear 
abuse negative 
abuse sadness 
important positive 
important trust 
complicated negative 
cover trust 
surprised surprise 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
cringe disgust 
cringe fear 
cringe negative 
cringe sadness 
change fear 
sneer anger 
sneer disgust 
sneer negative 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
unhappiness negative 
unhappiness sadness 
palpable surprise 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
mysterious anticipation 
mysterious fear 
mysterious surprise 
time anticipation 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
question positive 
punish fear 
punish negative 
committed positive 
committed trust 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
hiding fear 
hiding fear 
ability positive 
deny anger 
deny negative 
information positive 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
abuse anger 
abuse disgust 
abuse fear 
abuse negative 
abuse sadness 
intimate anticipation 
intimate joy 
intimate positive 
intimate trust 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
pride joy 
pride positive 
dislike anger 
dislike disgust 
dislike negative 
deceived anger 
deceived negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
defend fear 
defend positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
balance positive 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
deserve anger 
deserve anticipation 
deserve positive 
deserve trust 
justice positive 
justice trust 
choice positive 
choice positive 
duress anger 
duress disgust 
duress fear 
duress negative 
duress sadness 
choice positive 
morality positive 
morality trust 
interrogate fear 
invade anger 
invade fear 
invade negative 
invade sadness 
invade surprise 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
altercation anger 
altercation negative 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
forgive positive 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
pressure negative 
shed negative 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
change fear 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
greater positive 
gut disgust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
proof trust 
thought anticipation 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
level positive 
level trust 
mania negative 
pretend negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
overbearing anger 
overbearing negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
twitch negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
amused joy 
amused positive 
sense positive 
vague negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
fill trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
staring negative 
careful positive 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
shed negative 
ability positive 
core positive 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
pessimism anger 
pessimism fear 
pessimism negative 
pessimism sadness 
generous joy 
generous positive 
generous trust 
blessing anticipation 
blessing joy 
blessing positive 
blessing trust 
time anticipation 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
curl positive 
trust trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
ahead positive 
ship anticipation 
time anticipation 
established joy 
established positive 
time anticipation 
catch surprise 
wry negative 
question positive 
lowering negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
deliberate positive 
catch surprise 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
team trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
tribute positive 
guess surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
tribute positive 
related trust 
embrace anticipation 
embrace joy 
embrace positive 
embrace surprise 
embrace trust 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
coercion anger 
coercion disgust 
coercion fear 
coercion negative 
coercion sadness 
truth positive 
truth trust 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
time anticipation 
general positive 
general trust 
fact trust 
exaggerated negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
leaning trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
yell anger 
yell fear 
yell negative 
yell surprise 
explain positive 
explain trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shed negative 
damned negative 
careful positive 
infrequent surprise 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
relative trust 
mouth surprise 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
manage positive 
manage trust 
shed negative 
love joy 
love positive 
shed negative 
love joy 
love positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
familiarity anticipation 
familiarity joy 
familiarity positive 
familiarity trust 
mouth surprise 
eloquent positive 
usual positive 
usual trust 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
older sadness 
loneliness fear 
loneliness negative 
loneliness sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
bound negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
cold negative 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
completely positive 
rejoice anticipation 
rejoice joy 
rejoice positive 
rejoice surprise 
rejoice trust 
calls anticipation 
calls negative 
calls trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
armored fear 
ghost fear 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
flaw negative 
flaw sadness 
strength positive 
strength trust 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
haven positive 
haven trust 
small negative 
neglected anger 
neglected disgust 
neglected negative 
neglected sadness 
overgrown negative 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
hiding fear 
secret trust 
sudden surprise 
anger anger 
anger negative 
forget negative 
cool positive 
shout anger 
shout surprise 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
lovely anticipation 
lovely joy 
lovely positive 
lovely sadness 
lovely surprise 
lovely trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
wear negative 
wear trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
distaste disgust 
distaste negative 
time anticipation 
change fear 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
talk positive 
dark sadness 
mud negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
time anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
long anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
nose disgust 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
choice positive 
choice positive 
sudden surprise 
forced fear 
forced negative 
sparkle anticipation 
sparkle joy 
sparkle positive 
sparkle surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
overgrown negative 
forgive positive 
unpleasant disgust 
unpleasant negative 
unpleasant sadness 
time anticipation 
expecting anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
wrong negative 
nose disgust 
gag disgust 
gag negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
mouth surprise 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
change fear 
subject negative 
earthquake anger 
earthquake fear 
earthquake negative 
earthquake sadness 
earthquake surprise 
grasping anticipation 
grasping negative 
warning fear 
shatter anger 
shatter fear 
shatter negative 
shatter sadness 
shatter surprise 
time anticipation 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
rest positive 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
ruin fear 
ruin negative 
ruin sadness 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
recruits trust 
jump joy 
jump positive 
staring negative 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
gasping fear 
gasping negative 
phantom fear 
phantom negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
break surprise 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
explain positive 
explain trust 
closeness joy 
closeness positive 
closeness trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
banish anger 
banish disgust 
banish fear 
banish negative 
banish sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
warning fear 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
convinced trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
talk positive 
talk positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
presentable positive 
elbow anger 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
offering trust 
scrub disgust 
scrub negative 
time anticipation 
react anger 
react fear 
fearing fear 
fearing negative 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
shed negative 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
small negative 
lurking negative 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
flexibility positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
recovery positive 
time anticipation 
ready anticipation 
closeness joy 
closeness positive 
closeness trust 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
real positive 
real trust 
offer positive 
manage positive 
manage trust 
upright positive 
upright trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
ordeal anger 
ordeal negative 
ordeal surprise 
valiant positive 
hit anger 
hit negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
hiding fear 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
shed negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
damned negative 
cover trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
spent negative 
pillow positive 
coolness positive 
stupid negative 
oversight negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
shed negative 
shed negative 
improve anticipation 
improve joy 
improve positive 
improve trust 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
thought anticipation 
change fear 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
suddenly surprise 
forced fear 
forced negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
highest anticipation 
highest fear 
highest joy 
highest negative 
highest positive 
highest surprise 
standing positive 
unstable fear 
unstable negative 
unstable surprise 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
yell anger 
yell fear 
yell negative 
yell surprise 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
show trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
time anticipation 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
blues fear 
blues negative 
blues sadness 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
diminished negative 
illness fear 
illness negative 
illness sadness 
forced fear 
forced negative 
inactivity negative 
blush negative 
vitality joy 
vitality positive 
vitality trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
tired negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shed negative 
dark sadness 
hide fear 
hot anger 
long anticipation 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
thought anticipation 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
commonplace anticipation 
commonplace trust 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
battle anger 
battle negative 
shed negative 
berth positive 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
promising positive 
shed negative 
catch surprise 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
grateful positive 
painfully negative 
painfully sadness 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
track anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
plan anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
joke negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
words anger 
words negative 
regretted negative 
regretted sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
amused joy 
amused positive 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
penance fear 
penance sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
calm positive 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
upright positive 
upright trust 
guess surprise 
ready anticipation 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
apology positive 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
offer positive 
debris disgust 
debris negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
brightness positive 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
time anticipation 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
standing positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
sea positive 
unavoidable negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
catch surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
time anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
prediction anticipation 
time anticipation 
considerate positive 
considerate trust 
heretic disgust 
heretic negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
level positive 
level trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
wrong negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
ignore negative 
center positive 
center trust 
prime positive 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
deference positive 
deference trust 
resident positive 
alliance trust 
noted positive 
honor positive 
honor trust 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
armed anger 
armed fear 
armed negative 
armed positive 
wrong negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
standing positive 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
wrong negative 
clamor anger 
clamor anticipation 
clamor disgust 
clamor negative 
clamor surprise 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
innocence positive 
blue sadness 
defense anger 
defense anticipation 
defense fear 
defense positive 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
believed trust 
authentic joy 
authentic positive 
authentic trust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
cool positive 
amend positive 
avatar positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
create joy 
create positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
pull positive 
confess negative 
confess positive 
confess trust 
wrong negative 
mistaken fear 
mistaken negative 
blind negative 
shed negative 
touched negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
trust trust 
wont anticipation 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
unbeaten anticipation 
unbeaten joy 
unbeaten negative 
unbeaten positive 
unbeaten sadness 
unbeaten surprise 
suffering disgust 
suffering fear 
suffering negative 
suffering sadness 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
salvation anticipation 
salvation joy 
salvation positive 
salvation trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
guess surprise 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
parade anticipation 
parade fear 
parade joy 
parade negative 
parade positive 
parade surprise 
gear positive 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
personal trust 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
polished positive 
small negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
careful positive 
catch surprise 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
shine positive 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
foolish negative 
attention positive 
relief positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
long anticipation 
sudden surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
touched negative 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
war fear 
war negative 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
war fear 
war negative 
war fear 
war negative 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
carefully positive 
gauging trust 
giving positive 
drinking negative 
innocent positive 
innocent trust 
time anticipation 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
mouth surprise 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
linger anticipation 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
cheering joy 
cheering positive 
limp negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
boisterous anger 
boisterous anticipation 
boisterous joy 
boisterous negative 
boisterous positive 
lines fear 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
salute joy 
salute positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
stark negative 
stark trust 
sudden surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
woe disgust 
woe fear 
woe negative 
woe sadness 
foolish negative 
stealth surprise 
operation fear 
operation trust 
willful anger 
willful negative 
willful sadness 
risky anticipation 
risky fear 
risky negative 
cutthroat anger 
cutthroat fear 
cutthroat negative 
player negative 
equally positive 
wrong negative 
plan anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
damned negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
desperate negative 
winning anticipation 
winning disgust 
winning joy 
winning positive 
winning sadness 
winning surprise 
winning trust 
necessity sadness 
eventuality anticipation 
eventuality fear 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
scheme negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
shed negative 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
ability positive 
preparation anticipation 
completely positive 
influence negative 
influence positive 
chance surprise 
chance surprise 
stroke fear 
stroke negative 
stroke sadness 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
wrench negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
shed negative 
winning anticipation 
winning disgust 
winning joy 
winning positive 
winning sadness 
winning surprise 
winning trust 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
occasional surprise 
real positive 
real trust 
plan anticipation 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
full positive 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
betrayal anger 
betrayal disgust 
betrayal negative 
betrayal sadness 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
constant positive 
constant trust 
abuse anger 
abuse disgust 
abuse fear 
abuse negative 
abuse sadness 
willingness positive 
supporter joy 
supporter positive 
supporter trust 
unwavering positive 
unwavering trust 
certainty positive 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
believed trust 
shed negative 
accomplished joy 
accomplished positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
infiltration negative 
infiltration positive 
unanticipated surprise 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
dread anticipation 
dread fear 
dread negative 
certainty positive 
shed negative 
warn anticipation 
warn fear 
warn negative 
warn surprise 
warn trust 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
question positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
player negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
player negative 
manipulate negative 
advantage positive 
full positive 
war fear 
war negative 
taught trust 
imminent anticipation 
imminent fear 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
manipulation anger 
manipulation fear 
manipulation negative 
stupidity negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
cheat anger 
cheat disgust 
cheat negative 
cheat anger 
cheat disgust 
cheat negative 
father trust 
taught trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
shed negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
attention positive 
expecting anticipation 
providing anticipation 
providing joy 
providing positive 
providing trust 
distraction negative 
hidden negative 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
solid positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
determination positive 
determination trust 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
pretend negative 
sir positive 
sir trust 
swift positive 
motion anticipation 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
ruse negative 
anathema anger 
anathema disgust 
anathema fear 
anathema negative 
anathema sadness 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
approaching anticipation 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
cover trust 
fixed trust 
hide fear 
war fear 
war negative 
damned negative 
word positive 
word trust 
pretense negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
leaning trust 
passenger anticipation 
usual positive 
usual trust 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
time anticipation 
show trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
solid positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
trust trust 
provide positive 
provide trust 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
ace positive 
officer positive 
officer trust 
investigation anticipation 
shed negative 
machine trust 
triumphant anticipation 
triumphant joy 
triumphant positive 
triumphant trust 
public anticipation 
public positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
real positive 
real trust 
real positive 
real trust 
parade anticipation 
parade fear 
parade joy 
parade negative 
parade positive 
parade surprise 
rest positive 
unprotected negative 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
chilly negative 
watchful positive 
watchful trust 
wary fear 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
conflicting negative 
warn anticipation 
warn fear 
warn negative 
warn surprise 
warn trust 
coax trust 
decent positive 
quote anticipation 
quote negative 
quote positive 
quote surprise 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
apologetic positive 
apologetic trust 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
retirement anticipation 
retirement fear 
retirement joy 
retirement negative 
retirement positive 
retirement sadness 
retirement trust 
smirk negative 
shed negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
sour disgust 
sour negative 
silly joy 
silly negative 
beach joy 
outstanding joy 
outstanding negative 
outstanding positive 
question positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
question positive 
invariably positive 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
dawn anticipation 
dawn joy 
dawn positive 
dawn surprise 
dawn trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
time anticipation 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
decline negative 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
wrench negative 
thought anticipation 
begging negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
beach joy 
retirement anticipation 
retirement fear 
retirement joy 
retirement negative 
retirement positive 
retirement sadness 
retirement trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
expert positive 
expert trust 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
precede positive 
rear negative 
leaning trust 
forward positive 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
cold negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
anxiety anger 
anxiety anticipation 
anxiety fear 
anxiety negative 
anxiety sadness 
easygoing positive 
damned negative 
chilly negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
fake negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
cool positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
sharpen anger 
sharpen anticipation 
dull negative 
dull sadness 
precipice fear 
long anticipation 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
wrong negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
overdue anticipation 
overdue negative 
overdue sadness 
overdue surprise 
row anger 
row negative 
pretend negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
tired negative 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
forward positive 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
thought anticipation 
alliance trust 
small negative 
building positive 
limp negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
careful positive 
tired negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
cab positive 
irregular negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
lead positive 
twitch negative 
cab positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
full positive 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
horse trust 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
war fear 
war negative 
gratitude joy 
gratitude positive 
cab positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
deception negative 
passenger anticipation 
shed negative 
blue sadness 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
deception negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
accusation anger 
accusation disgust 
accusation negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
unpleasant disgust 
unpleasant negative 
unpleasant sadness 
suddenly surprise 
father trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
player negative 
cab positive 
absolute positive 
full positive 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
question positive 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
stationary negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
noted positive 
time anticipation 
sir positive 
sir trust 
lieutenant trust 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
long anticipation 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
chattering positive 
abominable disgust 
abominable fear 
abominable negative 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
punishment anger 
punishment disgust 
punishment fear 
punishment negative 
espionage negative 
abominable disgust 
abominable fear 
abominable negative 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
unimpressed negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
shed negative 
expected anticipation 
frayed negative 
frayed sadness 
unique positive 
unique surprise 
completely positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
thought anticipation 
suddenly surprise 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
fact trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
hiding fear 
excuse negative 
cold negative 
explain positive 
explain trust 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
incredulous anger 
incredulous disgust 
incredulous negative 
espionage negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
noble positive 
noble trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
strife anger 
strife negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
commendable joy 
commendable positive 
commendable trust 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
arrogance negative 
mouth surprise 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
strife anger 
strife negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
convinced trust 
offer positive 
sir positive 
sir trust 
shed negative 
wont anticipation 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
damned negative 
credit positive 
credit trust 
fair positive 
wealth joy 
wealth positive 
wealth trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
soothe positive 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
defeat negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
cramped negative 
believed trust 
invoke anticipation 
authority positive 
authority trust 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
older sadness 
elder positive 
elder trust 
outward positive 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
board anticipation 
surprised surprise 
loyal fear 
loyal joy 
loyal positive 
loyal surprise 
loyal trust 
alliance trust 
grant anticipation 
grant joy 
grant positive 
grant trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
standing positive 
parade anticipation 
parade fear 
parade joy 
parade negative 
parade positive 
parade surprise 
rest positive 
proof trust 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
noise negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
inappropriate anger 
inappropriate disgust 
inappropriate negative 
inappropriate sadness 
snort sadness 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
time anticipation 
spoke negative 
public anticipation 
public positive 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
touched negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
hiding fear 
insidious anger 
insidious disgust 
insidious fear 
insidious negative 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
question positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
tension anger 
shed negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
catch surprise 
approval positive 
elder positive 
elder trust 
expectant anticipation 
irregular negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
father trust 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
involvement anger 
plan anticipation 
resentment anger 
resentment disgust 
resentment negative 
resentment sadness 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
immature anticipation 
immature negative 
thought anticipation 
war fear 
war negative 
father trust 
break surprise 
believed trust 
clever positive 
leaning trust 
elbow anger 
coast positive 
word positive 
word trust 
wicked fear 
wicked negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
father trust 
ease positive 
sense positive 
lines fear 
imitated negative 
leaning trust 
elbow anger 
interior disgust 
interior positive 
interior trust 
unwavering positive 
unwavering trust 
certainty positive 
resident positive 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
alliance trust 
attention positive 
forward positive 
ostensibly negative 
rest positive 
words anger 
words negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
goodwill positive 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
words anger 
words negative 
coming anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
strained anger 
strained negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
supply positive 
refuse negative 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
guess surprise 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
clue anticipation 
talk positive 
leader positive 
leader trust 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
alliance trust 
ground trust 
spasm fear 
spasm negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
complicated negative 
hardened anger 
hardened disgust 
hardened fear 
hardened negative 
bleak negative 
bleak sadness 
cold negative 
unimpressed negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
launch anticipation 
launch positive 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
foolish negative 
useless negative 
ground trust 
grave fear 
grave negative 
grave sadness 
error negative 
error sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
hit anger 
hit negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
desperate negative 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
happen anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
anxious anticipation 
anxious fear 
anxious negative 
rife negative 
difficulty anger 
difficulty fear 
difficulty negative 
difficulty sadness 
expected anticipation 
tension anger 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
composure positive 
real positive 
real trust 
father trust 
exchange positive 
exchange trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
advantage positive 
reading positive 
calm positive 
father trust 
long anticipation 
sir positive 
sir trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
words anger 
words negative 
wearily negative 
wearily sadness 
confirmed positive 
confirmed trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
touched negative 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
unexpected anticipation 
unexpected fear 
unexpected joy 
unexpected negative 
unexpected positive 
unexpected surprise 
question positive 
pressure negative 
coming anticipation 
knowledge positive 
suddenly surprise 
damned negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
effort positive 
displeasure disgust 
displeasure negative 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
wrath anger 
wrath fear 
wrath negative 
words anger 
words negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
pointedly positive 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
sudden surprise 
cab positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
survive positive 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
gain anticipation 
gain joy 
gain positive 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
resultant anticipation 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
grave fear 
grave negative 
grave sadness 
advantage positive 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
strained anger 
strained negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
wrong negative 
question positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
ire anger 
ire negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
damned negative 
change fear 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
prudence positive 
building positive 
remarkable joy 
remarkable positive 
remarkable surprise 
remarkable trust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
intact positive 
intact trust 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
count positive 
count trust 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
spite anger 
spite negative 
shed negative 
spent negative 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
harshness anger 
harshness fear 
harshness negative 
noble positive 
noble trust 
shed negative 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
explore anticipation 
shed negative 
alliance trust 
standing positive 
shed negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
shining anticipation 
shining joy 
shining positive 
sky positive 
blue sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
ash negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
coming anticipation 
countdown anticipation 
clock anticipation 
base trust 
shed negative 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
omen anticipation 
omen fear 
omen negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
show trust 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
shed negative 
reading positive 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
blue sadness 
sky positive 
escort trust 
defense anger 
defense anticipation 
defense fear 
defense positive 
committee trust 
shed negative 
wrong negative 
constant positive 
constant trust 
shed negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
shed negative 
communication trust 
coming anticipation 
silly joy 
silly negative 
shed negative 
sky positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
banish anger 
banish disgust 
banish fear 
banish negative 
banish sadness 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
slump negative 
slump sadness 
hidden negative 
time anticipation 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
leaning trust 
elbow anger 
words anger 
words negative 
distracting anger 
distracting anticipation 
distracting negative 
sunny anticipation 
sunny joy 
sunny positive 
sunny surprise 
rainy sadness 
wont anticipation 
completely positive 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
shed negative 
suddenly surprise 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
mocking anger 
mocking disgust 
mocking negative 
mocking sadness 
aristocratic positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
goodness anticipation 
goodness joy 
goodness positive 
goodness surprise 
goodness trust 
disgruntled anger 
disgruntled disgust 
disgruntled negative 
disgruntled sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
passenger anticipation 
word positive 
word trust 
volunteer anticipation 
volunteer fear 
volunteer joy 
volunteer positive 
volunteer trust 
feigned negative 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
fact trust 
boasting negative 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
choice positive 
wrong negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
protect positive 
speech positive 
prying negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
grateful positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
forward positive 
rest positive 
building positive 
valiant positive 
cheerful joy 
cheerful positive 
cheerful surprise 
father trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
hiding fear 
recognizable anticipation 
recognizable positive 
clock anticipation 
forward positive 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
building positive 
crystal positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
long anticipation 
guess surprise 
time anticipation 
thought anticipation 
heavily negative 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
overpriced anger 
overpriced disgust 
overpriced negative 
overpriced sadness 
wrong negative 
long anticipation 
shed negative 
spent negative 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
shed negative 
deserved positive 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
time anticipation 
attention positive 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
standing positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
join positive 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
word positive 
word trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
time anticipation 
swift positive 
join positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
small negative 
exchange positive 
exchange trust 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
statement positive 
statement trust 
question positive 
strained anger 
strained negative 
chance surprise 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
accounts trust 
giving positive 
agree positive 
salient positive 
expected anticipation 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
evil anger 
evil disgust 
evil fear 
evil negative 
evil sadness 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
neutral anticipation 
neutral trust 
talk positive 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
pose negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
mystery anticipation 
mystery surprise 
precaution positive 
battalion anger 
ready anticipation 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
erratic negative 
erratic surprise 
bother negative 
hide fear 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
words anger 
words negative 
pretend negative 
measure trust 
succeeding anticipation 
succeeding joy 
succeeding positive 
succeeding trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mouth surprise 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
forced fear 
forced negative 
thought anticipation 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
prevent fear 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
ground trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
word positive 
word trust 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
carefully positive 
neutral anticipation 
neutral trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
thought anticipation 
forced fear 
forced negative 
pull positive 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
wont anticipation 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
tired negative 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
board anticipation 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
painfully negative 
painfully sadness 
fraught fear 
fraught negative 
fraught sadness 
smirk negative 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
happily joy 
happily positive 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
shed negative 
learn positive 
shed negative 
pick positive 
reserve positive 
love joy 
love positive 
lowering negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
wary fear 
acceptance positive 
interrogate fear 
talk positive 
interrogate fear 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
attention positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
expecting anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
hooded fear 
kicking anger 
illegal anger 
illegal disgust 
illegal fear 
illegal negative 
illegal sadness 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
spoke negative 
invite anticipation 
invite joy 
invite positive 
invite surprise 
invite trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
forget negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
love joy 
love positive 
radar trust 
forearm anger 
forearm anticipation 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
fun anticipation 
fun joy 
fun positive 
reason positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
talk positive 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
information positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
information positive 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
horrifying disgust 
horrifying fear 
horrifying negative 
horrifying sadness 
sudden surprise 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
stomach disgust 
shortly anticipation 
hiding fear 
bait fear 
bait negative 
bait trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
shed negative 
dread anticipation 
dread fear 
dread negative 
thought anticipation 
forced fear 
forced negative 
finery positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
anticipation anticipation 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
believed trust 
shed negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
pick positive 
shed negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
shed negative 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
happen anticipation 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
variable surprise 
shed negative 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
ally positive 
ally trust 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
shed negative 
spoke negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
necessity sadness 
action positive 
spent negative 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
thought anticipation 
importance anticipation 
importance positive 
convincing trust 
real positive 
real trust 
real positive 
real trust 
grace positive 
loath anger 
loath negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
honey positive 
sense positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
wry negative 
trust trust 
begun anticipation 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
begun anticipation 
underestimate surprise 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
celebration anticipation 
celebration joy 
celebration positive 
celebration surprise 
celebration trust 
hail negative 
hail positive 
hail trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
tomorrow anticipation 
question positive 
statement positive 
statement trust 
fact trust 
happen anticipation 
hunting anger 
hunting anticipation 
hunting fear 
hunting negative 
supplies positive 
important positive 
important trust 
forbid negative 
forbid sadness 
cheap negative 
attention positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
overt fear 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
forward positive 
ground trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
growling anger 
growling disgust 
growling fear 
growling negative 
warning fear 
alliance trust 
rest positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
contact positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
restlessness anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
mouth surprise 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
time anticipation 
wont anticipation 
poaching anger 
poaching disgust 
poaching fear 
poaching negative 
poaching sadness 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
united positive 
united trust 
start anticipation 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
small negative 
benefit positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
courtesy positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
daily anticipation 
begun anticipation 
unwelcome negative 
unwelcome sadness 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
injury anger 
injury fear 
injury negative 
injury sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
prefer positive 
prefer trust 
lack negative 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
completely positive 
crime anger 
crime negative 
damned negative 
pity sadness 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
working positive 
fact trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
fair positive 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
credit positive 
credit trust 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
working positive 
cold negative 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
trust trust 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
suffering disgust 
suffering fear 
suffering negative 
suffering sadness 
supply positive 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
words anger 
words negative 
fully positive 
fully trust 
producing positive 
population positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
ability positive 
system trust 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
word positive 
word trust 
swift positive 
flagging negative 
strength positive 
strength trust 
pretended negative 
producing positive 
supply positive 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
intend trust 
wealth joy 
wealth positive 
wealth trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
pretense negative 
civility positive 
victorious joy 
victorious positive 
war fear 
war negative 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
alliance trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
reprimand anger 
reprimand negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
staring negative 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
palpable surprise 
painful anger 
painful disgust 
painful fear 
painful negative 
painful sadness 
blast anger 
blast fear 
blast negative 
blast surprise 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
sacrifices disgust 
sacrifices fear 
sacrifices negative 
sacrifices sadness 
worth positive 
question positive 
gain anticipation 
gain joy 
gain positive 
important positive 
important trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
damned negative 
change fear 
swift positive 
apology positive 
composed positive 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
fixed trust 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
rejoicing anticipation 
rejoicing joy 
rejoicing positive 
rejoicing surprise 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
time anticipation 
chance surprise 
improve anticipation 
improve joy 
improve positive 
improve trust 
system trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
involvement anger 
grateful positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
show trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
thoughtful positive 
thoughtful trust 
father trust 
question positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
tomorrow anticipation 
trust trust 
afford positive 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
important positive 
important trust 
precedence positive 
precedence trust 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
surprised surprise 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
shed negative 
teacher positive 
teacher trust 
playground anticipation 
playground joy 
playground positive 
playground surprise 
playground trust 
wont anticipation 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
rest positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
noted positive 
giving positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
headache negative 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
feigned negative 
excuse negative 
calls anticipation 
calls negative 
calls trust 
kidnap anger 
kidnap fear 
kidnap negative 
kidnap sadness 
kidnap surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
yell anger 
yell fear 
yell negative 
yell surprise 
alliance trust 
yell anger 
yell fear 
yell negative 
yell surprise 
ghost fear 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
rest positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
anxious anticipation 
anxious fear 
anxious negative 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
rest positive 
tender joy 
tender positive 
tender trust 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
completely positive 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
mountain anticipation 
shed negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
blind negative 
stupid negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
shed negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
watchdog positive 
watchdog trust 
rest positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
wary fear 
vigilant fear 
vigilant positive 
vigilant trust 
vigilance anticipation 
vigilance positive 
vigilance trust 
intimately anticipation 
intimately fear 
intimately joy 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
kick anger 
kick negative 
information positive 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
trust trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
halfway negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
spoke negative 
cab positive 
ready anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
full positive 
strength positive 
strength trust 
disruption anger 
disruption fear 
disruption negative 
disruption surprise 
surveillance fear 
acceptable positive 
expected anticipation 
unauthorized negative 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
surveillance fear 
polite positive 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
beg negative 
beg sadness 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
nuisance anger 
nuisance negative 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
bug disgust 
bug fear 
bug negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
mysterious anticipation 
mysterious fear 
mysterious surprise 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
jam positive 
bug disgust 
bug fear 
bug negative 
perpetrator anger 
perpetrator disgust 
perpetrator fear 
perpetrator negative 
perpetrator sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
gruesome disgust 
gruesome negative 
revenge anger 
revenge anticipation 
revenge fear 
revenge negative 
revenge surprise 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
shed negative 
vengeful anger 
vengeful fear 
vengeful negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
constant positive 
constant trust 
cool positive 
overgrown negative 
bore negative 
main positive 
rest positive 
alliance trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
difficult fear 
fortify positive 
defend fear 
defend positive 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
measure trust 
explosive anger 
explosive anticipation 
explosive fear 
explosive negative 
explosive surprise 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
forearm anger 
forearm anticipation 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
worth positive 
smirk negative 
twitch negative 
nose disgust 
completely positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
unexpectedly surprise 
pretend negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smirk negative 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
reason positive 
joy joy 
joy positive 
fled fear 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
indignation anger 
indignation disgust 
indignation negative 
nose disgust 
quiver fear 
quiver negative 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
proof trust 
time anticipation 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
nose disgust 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
triumph anticipation 
triumph joy 
triumph positive 
general positive 
general trust 
inviting anticipation 
inviting joy 
inviting positive 
inviting surprise 
inviting trust 
disabled fear 
disabled negative 
disabled sadness 
bug disgust 
bug fear 
bug negative 
benign joy 
benign positive 
recorder positive 
track anticipation 
benign joy 
benign positive 
mystery anticipation 
mystery surprise 
console positive 
console sadness 
building positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
spite anger 
spite negative 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
gear positive 
shed negative 
luxury joy 
luxury positive 
glow anticipation 
glow joy 
glow positive 
glow trust 
resistance anger 
resistance negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
completely positive 
deceptive negative 
cheerfulness anticipation 
cheerfulness joy 
cheerfulness positive 
cheerfulness trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
earn positive 
amused joy 
amused positive 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
trust trust 
join positive 
skeptical negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
nose disgust 
liar disgust 
liar negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
satisfied joy 
satisfied positive 
long anticipation 
included positive 
console positive 
console sadness 
fixed trust 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
grace positive 
squirm disgust 
squirm negative 
working positive 
leaning trust 
long anticipation 
disable fear 
disable negative 
disable sadness 
rusty negative 
master positive 
show trust 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
structure positive 
structure trust 
console positive 
console sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
lines fear 
stark negative 
stark trust 
hunch negative 
shed negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
disapproving anger 
disapproving disgust 
disapproving negative 
disapproving sadness 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
correspondence anticipation 
correspondence positive 
working positive 
touched negative 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
ease positive 
dark sadness 
guarded trust 
lowering negative 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
leaning trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
cold negative 
tired negative 
tired negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sickly disgust 
sickly negative 
sickly sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
joke negative 
suddenly surprise 
thought anticipation 
upset anger 
upset negative 
upset sadness 
trust trust 
traitor anger 
traitor disgust 
traitor fear 
traitor negative 
traitor sadness 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
effort positive 
jerk anger 
jerk surprise 
rest positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
tension anger 
joined positive 
word positive 
word trust 
long anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
words anger 
words negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
tension anger 
information positive 
pessimism anger 
pessimism fear 
pessimism negative 
pessimism sadness 
coming anticipation 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
apology positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
learn positive 
guess surprise 
thought anticipation 
thought anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
spoke negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
solid positive 
punch anger 
punch fear 
punch negative 
punch sadness 
punch surprise 
expert positive 
expert trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
cold negative 
words anger 
words negative 
hideous disgust 
hideous fear 
hideous negative 
hideous sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
crushing anger 
crushing disgust 
crushing fear 
crushing negative 
certainty positive 
rest positive 
knowing positive 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
beam joy 
beam positive 
glowing positive 
anxious anticipation 
anxious fear 
anxious negative 
love joy 
love positive 
coming anticipation 
question positive 
words anger 
words negative 
spoke negative 
strike anger 
strike negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
words anger 
words negative 
giving positive 
gulp fear 
gulp surprise 
strained anger 
strained negative 
unhappy anger 
unhappy disgust 
unhappy negative 
unhappy sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
cool positive 
mouth surprise 
beam joy 
beam positive 
oblige negative 
oblige trust 
trip surprise 
love joy 
love positive 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
variable surprise 
worth positive 
words anger 
words negative 
time anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
smoothness positive 
shine positive 
velvet positive 
slender positive 
cradle anticipation 
cradle joy 
cradle positive 
cradle trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
virtue positive 
virtue trust 
words anger 
words negative 
ahead positive 
pistol negative 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
count positive 
count trust 
groan disgust 
groan negative 
groan sadness 
approval positive 
mouth surprise 
armored fear 
mouth surprise 
lavish positive 
attention positive 
immovable negative 
immovable positive 
immovable trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
growl anger 
growl fear 
growl negative 
seals trust 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
halting fear 
halting negative 
halting sadness 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
hidden negative 
hooked negative 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
pull positive 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
giving positive 
touched negative 
pull positive 
small negative 
disposal negative 
worth positive 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
tension anger 
relief positive 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
long anticipation 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
catch surprise 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
time anticipation 
mouth surprise 
ease positive 
groan disgust 
groan negative 
groan sadness 
familiarity anticipation 
familiarity joy 
familiarity positive 
familiarity trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mouth surprise 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
time anticipation 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
sunshine joy 
sunshine positive 
change fear 
shed negative 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
time anticipation 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
pleasant anticipation 
pleasant joy 
pleasant positive 
pleasant surprise 
pleasant trust 
full positive 
dark sadness 
endurance positive 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
fearing fear 
fearing negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
time anticipation 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
fled fear 
enjoying anticipation 
enjoying joy 
enjoying positive 
enjoying trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
rest positive 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
marked positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
forearm anger 
forearm anticipation 
slender positive 
shed negative 
believed trust 
slim positive 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
words anger 
words negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
supply positive 
determination positive 
determination trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
long anticipation 
flesh disgust 
stomach disgust 
talons anger 
talons fear 
talons negative 
inappropriate anger 
inappropriate disgust 
inappropriate negative 
inappropriate sadness 
giggle joy 
giggle positive 
building positive 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
change fear 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
solid positive 
producing positive 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
shed negative 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
pretend negative 
sweet anticipation 
sweet joy 
sweet positive 
sweet surprise 
sweet trust 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
loving joy 
loving positive 
loving trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
judgment surprise 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
remorse negative 
remorse sadness 
time anticipation 
strained anger 
strained negative 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
fairly positive 
fairly trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
vanish surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
lure negative 
alliance trust 
infiltration negative 
infiltration positive 
working positive 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
flood fear 
completely positive 
flush positive 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
shed negative 
completely positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
thought anticipation 
distraction negative 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
moan fear 
moan sadness 
nose disgust 
flesh disgust 
hide fear 
nose disgust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
teasing anger 
teasing fear 
teasing negative 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
dark sadness 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
pretend negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
mortification anticipation 
mortification disgust 
mortification fear 
mortification negative 
mortification sadness 
capture negative 
blackmail anger 
blackmail fear 
blackmail negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
worth positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
nose disgust 
coming anticipation 
fixed trust 
skeptical negative 
wry negative 
time anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
upright positive 
upright trust 
complain anger 
complain negative 
complain sadness 
blush negative 
degree positive 
uncomfortable negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
determined positive 
shed negative 
ready anticipation 
time anticipation 
forgive positive 
credit positive 
credit trust 
backward negative 
inviting anticipation 
inviting joy 
inviting positive 
inviting surprise 
inviting trust 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
flush positive 
hot anger 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
cool positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
attempt anticipation 
unreliable negative 
unreliable trust 
console positive 
console sadness 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
ease positive 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
ready anticipation 
kick anger 
kick negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
widow sadness 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
submit anticipation 
pressure negative 
wear negative 
wear trust 
full positive 
eat positive 
piles disgust 
piles negative 
spoke negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
relief positive 
gratitude joy 
gratitude positive 
full positive 
motion anticipation 
confess negative 
confess positive 
confess trust 
thought anticipation 
physician positive 
physician trust 
heal joy 
heal positive 
heal trust 
bland negative 
mouthful disgust 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
stink disgust 
stink negative 
forced fear 
forced negative 
practice positive 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
shed negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
hit anger 
hit negative 
practice positive 
attempt anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
hide fear 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
fatal anger 
fatal fear 
fatal negative 
fatal sadness 
forced fear 
forced negative 
pull positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
skeptical negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
real positive 
real trust 
lack negative 
stray negative 
cover trust 
military fear 
occasional surprise 
armed anger 
armed fear 
armed negative 
armed positive 
brawl anger 
brawl disgust 
brawl fear 
brawl negative 
preparation anticipation 
oblige negative 
oblige trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
time anticipation 
war fear 
war negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
change fear 
subject negative 
chance surprise 
retaliate anger 
retaliate negative 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
talk positive 
cover trust 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
wrinkled sadness 
nose disgust 
bite negative 
breakfast positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
alliance trust 
fleet positive 
explain positive 
explain trust 
feigned negative 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
lava anger 
lava fear 
lava negative 
lava anger 
lava fear 
lava negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
miracle anticipation 
miracle joy 
miracle positive 
miracle surprise 
miracle trust 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
mountain anticipation 
defy anger 
defy fear 
defy negative 
defy sadness 
defy surprise 
disposal negative 
presence positive 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
learning positive 
vomit disgust 
apology positive 
triumphant anticipation 
triumphant joy 
triumphant positive 
triumphant trust 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
thought anticipation 
catch surprise 
trust trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
disposal negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
personal trust 
motion anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
spoke negative 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
organization anticipation 
organization joy 
organization positive 
organization surprise 
organization trust 
information positive 
clearance positive 
clearance trust 
upheaval anger 
upheaval fear 
upheaval negative 
upheaval sadness 
lax negative 
lax sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
soil disgust 
soil negative 
blue sadness 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
accurate positive 
accurate trust 
ghost fear 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
player negative 
scare anger 
scare anticipation 
scare fear 
scare negative 
scare surprise 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
talk positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
lurking negative 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
unbelievable negative 
impotent negative 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
talons anger 
talons fear 
talons negative 
law trust 
touched negative 
plight anticipation 
plight disgust 
plight fear 
plight negative 
plight sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
dawn anticipation 
dawn joy 
dawn positive 
dawn surprise 
dawn trust 
shed negative 
escaped fear 
happen anticipation 
shed negative 
spent negative 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
alliance trust 
arrive anticipation 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
break surprise 
cough disgust 
cough negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
focus positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
buried fear 
buried negative 
buried sadness 
carefully positive 
father trust 
ostensibly negative 
major positive 
word positive 
word trust 
thought anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
catch surprise 
shed negative 
hide fear 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
nose disgust 
presence positive 
account trust 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
indifference anger 
indifference disgust 
indifference fear 
indifference negative 
indifference sadness 
time anticipation 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
spent negative 
marked positive 
certainty positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
time anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
solid positive 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
shining anticipation 
shining joy 
shining positive 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
believed trust 
woefully disgust 
woefully negative 
woefully sadness 
unprepared negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
presence positive 
knowing positive 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
soothe positive 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
pillow positive 
important positive 
important trust 
teacher positive 
teacher trust 
proof trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
shed negative 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
stripe negative 
wrong negative 
shed negative 
deliberate positive 
armed anger 
armed fear 
armed negative 
armed positive 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
center positive 
center trust 
headache negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
oblige negative 
oblige trust 
armed anger 
armed fear 
armed negative 
armed positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
creative positive 
thinker positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
creative positive 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
bouquet joy 
bouquet positive 
bouquet trust 
decay fear 
decay negative 
decay sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
stomach disgust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
interrogation fear 
shed negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
unimpressed negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
complain anger 
complain negative 
complain sadness 
acceptable positive 
skeptical negative 
nose disgust 
wrinkled sadness 
insulting anger 
insulting disgust 
insulting fear 
insulting negative 
insulting sadness 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
censure negative 
uninspired negative 
uninspired sadness 
inspired joy 
inspired positive 
inspired surprise 
inspired trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
wry negative 
break surprise 
famous positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
wear negative 
wear trust 
extra positive 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
time anticipation 
shove anger 
shove negative 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
worth positive 
including positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
devil anger 
devil anticipation 
devil disgust 
devil fear 
devil negative 
devil sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
scare anger 
scare anticipation 
scare fear 
scare negative 
scare surprise 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
harbinger anger 
harbinger anticipation 
harbinger fear 
harbinger negative 
heavily negative 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
hood anger 
hood disgust 
hood fear 
hood negative 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
invitation anticipation 
invitation positive 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
black negative 
black sadness 
heartless negative 
heartless sadness 
mercenary fear 
mercenary negative 
reliance positive 
reliance trust 
alliance trust 
humble disgust 
humble negative 
humble positive 
humble sadness 
stripe negative 
wont anticipation 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
retaliation anger 
retaliation fear 
retaliation negative 
exaggerated negative 
tasteful positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
heroics positive 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
designer positive 
fire fear 
lines fear 
rage anger 
rage negative 
joking positive 
mysterious anticipation 
mysterious fear 
mysterious surprise 
joking positive 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
economy trust 
enterprising positive 
word positive 
word trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
show trust 
time anticipation 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
giggle joy 
giggle positive 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
justice positive 
justice trust 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
hide fear 
woefully disgust 
woefully negative 
woefully sadness 
buffet anger 
buffet negative 
wear negative 
wear trust 
shed negative 
bear anger 
bear fear 
thought anticipation 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
reverence joy 
reverence positive 
reverence trust 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
attention positive 
resent anger 
resent negative 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
master positive 
mouth surprise 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
words anger 
words negative 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
unbelievable negative 
rest positive 
bound negative 
gold positive 
blue sadness 
masterpiece joy 
masterpiece positive 
inviting anticipation 
inviting joy 
inviting positive 
inviting surprise 
inviting trust 
forget negative 
important positive 
important trust 
expecting anticipation 
black negative 
black sadness 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
garish disgust 
garish negative 
garish surprise 
inexplicable negative 
inexplicable surprise 
flesh disgust 
blue sadness 
gold positive 
lines fear 
blue sadness 
coincidence surprise 
staring negative 
clever positive 
ghost fear 
gold positive 
words anger 
words negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
sneaking anticipation 
sneaking fear 
sneaking negative 
sneaking trust 
suspicion fear 
suspicion negative 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
information positive 
lines fear 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
blue sadness 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
time anticipation 
uncomfortable negative 
awkwardness disgust 
awkwardness negative 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
backwards disgust 
backwards negative 
pity sadness 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
feigned negative 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
warned anticipation 
warned fear 
warned surprise 
glitter disgust 
glitter joy 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
blush negative 
thought anticipation 
late negative 
late sadness 
thief anger 
thief disgust 
thief fear 
thief negative 
thief sadness 
thief surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
appreciation joy 
appreciation positive 
appreciation trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
joking positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
inability negative 
inability sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
embarrassment fear 
embarrassment negative 
embarrassment sadness 
embarrassment surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
word positive 
word trust 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
hide fear 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
land positive 
shed negative 
wear negative 
wear trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
dashing positive 
noise negative 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
smirk negative 
mouth surprise 
enjoy anticipation 
enjoy joy 
enjoy positive 
enjoy trust 
fair positive 
obscene disgust 
obscene negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fair positive 
linger anticipation 
blue sadness 
glittering positive 
abominable disgust 
abominable fear 
abominable negative 
hostile anger 
hostile disgust 
hostile fear 
hostile negative 
alliance trust 
lieutenant trust 
building positive 
annihilation anger 
annihilation fear 
annihilation negative 
annihilation sadness 
wretched disgust 
wretched negative 
wretched sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
desperate negative 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
relief positive 
gut disgust 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
incongruous anger 
incongruous negative 
dark sadness 
interior disgust 
interior positive 
interior trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
benefit positive 
time anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
frayed negative 
frayed sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
fake negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
rigidity negative 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
spoke negative 
tension anger 
ease positive 
desperate negative 
word positive 
word trust 
crook negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
falter fear 
falter negative 
careful positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
spoke negative 
word positive 
word trust 
resolutely positive 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
giving positive 
deliberate positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sickly disgust 
sickly negative 
sickly sadness 
strained anger 
strained negative 
talk positive 
halfway negative 
giving positive 
spent negative 
long anticipation 
obscene disgust 
obscene negative 
wealth joy 
wealth positive 
wealth trust 
garish disgust 
garish negative 
garish surprise 
older sadness 
spur fear 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
completely positive 
bother negative 
hiding fear 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
approval positive 
overt fear 
offended anger 
offended negative 
offended sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
unexpected anticipation 
unexpected fear 
unexpected joy 
unexpected negative 
unexpected positive 
unexpected surprise 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
dear positive 
offensive anger 
offensive disgust 
offensive negative 
alarming fear 
alarming negative 
alarming surprise 
bear anger 
bear fear 
thought anticipation 
nonsense negative 
pressure negative 
accidental fear 
accidental negative 
accidental surprise 
nonsense negative 
words anger 
words negative 
slender positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
love joy 
love positive 
glittering positive 
worth positive 
dear positive 
dull negative 
dull sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
vulgar disgust 
vulgar negative 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
terribly sadness 
unsightly disgust 
unsightly negative 
vulgar disgust 
vulgar negative 
unsightly disgust 
unsightly negative 
unbelievable negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
word positive 
word trust 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
dear positive 
alliance trust 
ridiculous anger 
ridiculous disgust 
ridiculous negative 
blatant anger 
blatant disgust 
blatant negative 
hostility anger 
hostility disgust 
hostility negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fake negative 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
secret trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
dark sadness 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
rest positive 
carefully positive 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
slender positive 
corruption disgust 
corruption negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
damned negative 
shed negative 
careful positive 
stain disgust 
stain negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
uncomfortable negative 
superiority positive 
time anticipation 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
worth positive 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
exposed negative 
assassin anger 
assassin fear 
assassin negative 
assassin sadness 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
distrust anger 
distrust disgust 
distrust fear 
distrust negative 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
kindness positive 
system trust 
shed negative 
harm fear 
harm negative 
sudden surprise 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
fire fear 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
insidious anger 
insidious disgust 
insidious fear 
insidious negative 
friendship joy 
friendship positive 
friendship trust 
generosity anticipation 
generosity joy 
generosity positive 
generosity surprise 
generosity trust 
friendship joy 
friendship positive 
friendship trust 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
trust trust 
wrong negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
murder anger 
murder disgust 
murder fear 
murder negative 
murder sadness 
murder surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
innocence positive 
doll joy 
expected anticipation 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mouth surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
catch surprise 
curl positive 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
older sadness 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
bland negative 
civility positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
lethal disgust 
lethal fear 
lethal negative 
lethal sadness 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
choice positive 
poison anger 
poison disgust 
poison fear 
poison negative 
poison sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
lover anticipation 
lover joy 
lover positive 
lover trust 
granted positive 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
love joy 
love positive 
polite positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
loyal fear 
loyal joy 
loyal positive 
loyal surprise 
loyal trust 
successful anticipation 
successful joy 
successful positive 
successful trust 
hardened anger 
hardened disgust 
hardened fear 
hardened negative 
coolness positive 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
trick negative 
trick surprise 
change fear 
cruel anger 
cruel disgust 
cruel fear 
cruel negative 
cruel sadness 
dismissal anger 
dismissal disgust 
dismissal fear 
dismissal negative 
dismissal sadness 
dismissal surprise 
thought anticipation 
bother negative 
alliance trust 
law trust 
politics anger 
ultimate anticipation 
ultimate sadness 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
lines fear 
mouth surprise 
alliance trust 
inspired joy 
inspired positive 
inspired surprise 
inspired trust 
spoke negative 
word positive 
word trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
loyal fear 
loyal joy 
loyal positive 
loyal surprise 
loyal trust 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
words anger 
words negative 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
elegant joy 
elegant positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
elbow anger 
guide positive 
guide trust 
prodigious positive 
reserve positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
shed negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
lieutenant trust 
recommend positive 
recommend trust 
fleet positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
terribly sadness 
guess surprise 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
cover trust 
exposed negative 
exposed negative 
unsightly disgust 
unsightly negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
attempt anticipation 
jerk anger 
jerk surprise 
elbow anger 
tighten anger 
ludicrous negative 
lines fear 
overwhelming positive 
discomfort negative 
discomfort sadness 
headache negative 
cover trust 
standing positive 
unprotected negative 
disliked anger 
disliked negative 
disliked sadness 
delay anger 
delay disgust 
delay fear 
delay negative 
delay sadness 
change fear 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
weakness negative 
madness anger 
madness fear 
madness negative 
panic fear 
panic negative 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
fancy anticipation 
fancy joy 
fancy positive 
warning fear 
inane negative 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
question positive 
long anticipation 
intend trust 
fill trust 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
effective positive 
effective trust 
pistol negative 
truth positive 
truth trust 
shatter anger 
shatter fear 
shatter negative 
shatter sadness 
shatter surprise 
sweat fear 
effort positive 
break surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
headache negative 
unsightly disgust 
unsightly negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
unsightly disgust 
unsightly negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
polite positive 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
employ trust 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
working positive 
words anger 
words negative 
surety positive 
surety trust 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
weakness negative 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
philanthropist positive 
philanthropist trust 
serve negative 
serve trust 
time anticipation 
coldly negative 
coldly negative 
real positive 
real trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
giant fear 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
shed negative 
clever positive 
shed negative 
measure trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
ghost fear 
swift positive 
fire fear 
frighten fear 
frighten negative 
frighten sadness 
frighten surprise 
pointedly positive 
words anger 
words negative 
words anger 
words negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
unguarded surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
poisonous anger 
poisonous disgust 
poisonous fear 
poisonous negative 
poisonous sadness 
ghost fear 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
break surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
hurting anger 
hurting fear 
hurting negative 
hurting sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
unfold anticipation 
unfold positive 
distressed fear 
distressed negative 
blush negative 
standing positive 
hurting anger 
hurting fear 
hurting negative 
hurting sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
wont anticipation 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
damned negative 
break surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
measure trust 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
ungrateful anger 
ungrateful disgust 
ungrateful negative 
gutter disgust 
repay anger 
repay anticipation 
repay joy 
repay positive 
repay trust 
skewed anger 
skewed anticipation 
skewed negative 
word positive 
word trust 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
alliance trust 
shed negative 
cruel anger 
cruel disgust 
cruel fear 
cruel negative 
cruel sadness 
headache negative 
time anticipation 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
alliance trust 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
lieutenant trust 
aye positive 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
assent positive 
temptation negative 
break surprise 
disappear fear 
flesh disgust 
measure trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
words anger 
words negative 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
sudden surprise 
apology positive 
warning fear 
cold negative 
darling joy 
darling positive 
darling trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
solid positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
olfactory anticipation 
olfactory negative 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
injury anger 
injury fear 
injury negative 
injury sadness 
damned negative 
headache negative 
nose disgust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
sea positive 
blurred negative 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
mouth surprise 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
protect positive 
mouth surprise 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
sense positive 
happen anticipation 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
time anticipation 
change fear 
legendary positive 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
anticipation anticipation 
time anticipation 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
important positive 
important trust 
complicated negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
full positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
expected anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
important positive 
important trust 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
blue sadness 
blue sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
words anger 
words negative 
vanish surprise 
cold negative 
time anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
break surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
count positive 
count trust 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
cold negative 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
shoot anger 
shoot fear 
shoot negative 
break surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
instructor anticipation 
instructor positive 
instructor trust 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
approval positive 
important positive 
important trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
pull positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
blue sadness 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
scrutiny negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
mouth surprise 
grab anger 
grab negative 
pull positive 
break surprise 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
shed negative 
injury anger 
injury fear 
injury negative 
injury sadness 
insurmountable fear 
insurmountable negative 
insurmountable sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
wont anticipation 
coming anticipation 
ghost fear 
long anticipation 
break surprise 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
wrong negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
break surprise 
real positive 
real trust 
nerve positive 
break surprise 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
compulsion anger 
compulsion negative 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
wont anticipation 
job positive 
accomplished joy 
accomplished positive 
wrong negative 
horse trust 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
puppy anticipation 
puppy positive 
puppy trust 
thought anticipation 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
real positive 
real trust 
long anticipation 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
long anticipation 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
time anticipation 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
haunt fear 
haunt negative 
shed negative 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
shed negative 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
worth positive 
time anticipation 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
clue anticipation 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
wont anticipation 
talk positive 
change fear 
time anticipation 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
blue sadness 
wont anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
blue sadness 
show trust 
show trust 
victim anger 
victim fear 
victim negative 
victim sadness 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
patent positive 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
dark sadness 
hide fear 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
expecting anticipation 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
time anticipation 
sadly negative 
sadly sadness 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
question positive 
nose disgust 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
time anticipation 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
apparition fear 
apparition surprise 
wrong negative 
blue sadness 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
halfway negative 
grasping anticipation 
grasping negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
forming anticipation 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
forward positive 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
dark sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
unexpectedly surprise 
desperate negative 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
shed negative 
useless negative 
guide positive 
guide trust 
hit anger 
hit negative 
ground trust 
smashed negative 
nose disgust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
momentum anticipation 
momentum positive 
bite negative 
protect positive 
exchange positive 
exchange trust 
flee fear 
flee negative 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
glowing positive 
blue sadness 
painfully negative 
painfully sadness 
uneven negative 
dark sadness 
marked positive 
blue sadness 
dark sadness 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
calculating negative 
exacting negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
leaning trust 
heavily negative 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
relief positive 
stark negative 
stark trust 
lines fear 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
fury anger 
fury fear 
fury negative 
fury sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
start anticipation 
forward positive 
suddenly surprise 
suddenly surprise 
cool positive 
composed positive 
full positive 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
prevent fear 
attacking anger 
attacking disgust 
attacking fear 
attacking negative 
attacking sadness 
attacking surprise 
ahead positive 
blue sadness 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
giving positive 
complicated negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
sickly disgust 
sickly negative 
sickly sadness 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
limp negative 
leaning trust 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
demand anger 
demand negative 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
spoke negative 
words anger 
words negative 
show trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
bother negative 
cheery anticipation 
cheery joy 
cheery positive 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
assured positive 
assured trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
gut disgust 
shed negative 
delayed negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
convinced trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
thought anticipation 
futile negative 
futile sadness 
thought anticipation 
limp negative 
truth positive 
truth trust 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
credit positive 
credit trust 
snarl anger 
snarl disgust 
snarl negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
evident positive 
evident trust 
shed negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
thought anticipation 
crew trust 
drooping negative 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
long anticipation 
happen anticipation 
shortly anticipation 
alliance trust 
wont anticipation 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
ship anticipation 
wearily negative 
wearily sadness 
ship anticipation 
alliance trust 
faulty negative 
faulty negative 
time anticipation 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
occasional surprise 
difficulty anger 
difficulty fear 
difficulty negative 
difficulty sadness 
shed negative 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
shed negative 
cool positive 
precision positive 
leader positive 
leader trust 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
superiority positive 
spoke negative 
supporting positive 
supporting trust 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
weighty fear 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
older sadness 
small negative 
determined positive 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
offering trust 
thought anticipation 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
victory anticipation 
victory joy 
victory positive 
victory trust 
plan anticipation 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
witness trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
personal trust 
audience anticipation 
outcome positive 
expected anticipation 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
palpable surprise 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
war fear 
war negative 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
personal trust 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
powerful anger 
powerful anticipation 
powerful disgust 
powerful fear 
powerful joy 
powerful positive 
powerful trust 
restrained fear 
restrained fear 
ability positive 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
outward positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
discomfort negative 
discomfort sadness 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
time anticipation 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
anger anger 
anger negative 
warning fear 
demand anger 
demand negative 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
untimely negative 
touched negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
shed negative 
standing positive 
completely positive 
usual positive 
usual trust 
polished positive 
professional positive 
professional trust 
fixed trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
evident positive 
evident trust 
law trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
thought anticipation 
mouth surprise 
superficial negative 
uninspired negative 
uninspired sadness 
torture anger 
torture anticipation 
torture disgust 
torture fear 
torture negative 
torture sadness 
thought anticipation 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
torture anger 
torture anticipation 
torture disgust 
torture fear 
torture negative 
torture sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
question positive 
blue sadness 
hide fear 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
long anticipation 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
small negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
usual positive 
usual trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
information positive 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
information positive 
bland negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
information positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
time anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
explain positive 
explain trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
seizure fear 
comatose fear 
comatose negative 
comatose sadness 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
time anticipation 
drugged sadness 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
parade anticipation 
parade fear 
parade joy 
parade negative 
parade positive 
parade surprise 
rest positive 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
giving positive 
facts positive 
facts trust 
time anticipation 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
detect positive 
furiously anger 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
rest positive 
team trust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
prey fear 
prey negative 
unexpected anticipation 
unexpected fear 
unexpected joy 
unexpected negative 
unexpected positive 
unexpected surprise 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
youth anger 
youth anticipation 
youth fear 
youth joy 
youth positive 
youth surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
fully positive 
fully trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
dear positive 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
ship anticipation 
trust trust 
anomaly fear 
anomaly negative 
anomaly surprise 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
presence positive 
thought anticipation 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
distrust anger 
distrust disgust 
distrust fear 
distrust negative 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
motion anticipation 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
attention positive 
hardened anger 
hardened disgust 
hardened fear 
hardened negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
conflicting negative 
neglected anger 
neglected disgust 
neglected negative 
neglected sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
outward positive 
annoyance anger 
annoyance disgust 
annoyance negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
salute joy 
salute positive 
thought anticipation 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
shed negative 
war fear 
war negative 
immovable negative 
immovable positive 
immovable trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
question positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
corruption disgust 
corruption negative 
brother positive 
brother trust 
manipulate negative 
ground trust 
poison anger 
poison disgust 
poison fear 
poison negative 
poison sadness 
poison anger 
poison disgust 
poison fear 
poison negative 
poison sadness 
accurate positive 
accurate trust 
suspicious anger 
suspicious anticipation 
suspicious negative 
wrong negative 
attention positive 
real positive 
real trust 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
spasm fear 
spasm negative 
recalcitrant anger 
recalcitrant disgust 
recalcitrant negative 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
question positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
alliance trust 
lockup fear 
lockup negative 
lockup sadness 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
badly negative 
badly sadness 
thought anticipation 
convince anticipation 
convince positive 
convince trust 
reluctant fear 
reluctant negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
convincing trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
damned negative 
parasite disgust 
parasite fear 
parasite negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
trifle negative 
relief positive 
tension anger 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
war fear 
war negative 
displaced anger 
displaced fear 
displaced sadness 
alliance trust 
spoke negative 
confidential trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
time anticipation 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
heal joy 
heal positive 
heal trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
protect positive 
nose disgust 
surprised surprise 
trust trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
execution anger 
execution fear 
execution negative 
execution sadness 
execution trust 
dignity positive 
dignity trust 
compliance positive 
compliance trust 
loyalty positive 
loyalty trust 
technology positive 
time anticipation 
hit anger 
hit negative 
time anticipation 
plan anticipation 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
account trust 
carefully positive 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
destroyer anger 
destroyer fear 
destroyer negative 
time anticipation 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
powerless anger 
powerless disgust 
powerless fear 
powerless negative 
powerless sadness 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
chaos anger 
chaos fear 
chaos negative 
chaos sadness 
chaos anger 
chaos fear 
chaos negative 
chaos sadness 
time anticipation 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
completely positive 
numb negative 
hollow negative 
hollow sadness 
cold negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
tribute positive 
flow positive 
long anticipation 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
careful positive 
time anticipation 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
hide fear 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
dreadful anger 
dreadful anticipation 
dreadful disgust 
dreadful fear 
dreadful negative 
dreadful sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
shed negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
thought anticipation 
giving positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
plan anticipation 
precise positive 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
outcome positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
insignificant anger 
insignificant negative 
insignificant sadness 
insidious anger 
insidious disgust 
insidious fear 
insidious negative 
indoctrination anger 
indoctrination fear 
indoctrination negative 
touched negative 
gut disgust 
thought anticipation 
war fear 
war negative 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
ambush anger 
ambush fear 
ambush negative 
ambush surprise 
sly anger 
sly disgust 
sly fear 
sly negative 
devastating anger 
devastating disgust 
devastating fear 
devastating negative 
devastating sadness 
devastating trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
damned negative 
rule fear 
rule trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
count positive 
count trust 
thought anticipation 
battle anger 
battle negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
enslavement negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
nobility anticipation 
nobility positive 
nobility trust 
tribute positive 
flow positive 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
freedom joy 
freedom positive 
freedom trust 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
provide positive 
provide trust 
thought anticipation 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
outcome positive 
pretend negative 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
predict anticipation 
coup anger 
coup surprise 
damned negative 
alliance trust 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
vent anger 
rage anger 
rage negative 
crippled negative 
crippled sadness 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
communication trust 
convenient positive 
tired negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
giving positive 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
heavily negative 
stranger fear 
stranger negative 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
hideous disgust 
hideous fear 
hideous negative 
hideous sadness 
numbers positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
shed negative 
shed negative 
phantom fear 
phantom negative 
time anticipation 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
coming anticipation 
syringe fear 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
hopeless fear 
hopeless negative 
hopeless sadness 
uncomfortable negative 
words anger 
words negative 
ghost fear 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
full positive 
strength positive 
strength trust 
joke negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
flying fear 
flying positive 
blind negative 
killing anger 
killing fear 
killing negative 
killing sadness 
nose disgust 
carefully positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
painful anger 
painful disgust 
painful fear 
painful negative 
painful sadness 
unexpected anticipation 
unexpected fear 
unexpected joy 
unexpected negative 
unexpected positive 
unexpected surprise 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
escaped fear 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
cry negative 
cry sadness 
halfway negative 
upright positive 
upright trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
feigned negative 
words anger 
words negative 
thought anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
time anticipation 
convenient positive 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
scrub disgust 
scrub negative 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
efficient anticipation 
efficient positive 
efficient trust 
shed negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
paranoia fear 
paranoia negative 
forward positive 
pertinent positive 
pertinent trust 
information positive 
bland negative 
thought anticipation 
proven trust 
wrong negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
neglected anger 
neglected disgust 
neglected negative 
neglected sadness 
furrow sadness 
hood anger 
hood disgust 
hood fear 
hood negative 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
hit anger 
hit negative 
convenient positive 
wince anger 
wince disgust 
wince fear 
wince negative 
wince sadness 
fall negative 
fall sadness 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
giving positive 
knowledge positive 
scrambling negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
assure trust 
pretend negative 
valuable positive 
recovery positive 
time anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
long anticipation 
damned negative 
jump joy 
jump positive 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
long anticipation 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
build positive 
irrefutable positive 
irrefutable trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
interference negative 
inadmissible anger 
inadmissible disgust 
inadmissible negative 
discretion anticipation 
discretion positive 
discretion trust 
howl anger 
howl disgust 
howl fear 
howl negative 
howl sadness 
howl surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
giving positive 
chance surprise 
question positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
ship anticipation 
maintenance trust 
ship anticipation 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
core positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
personal trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
confined anger 
confined disgust 
confined fear 
confined negative 
confined sadness 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
father trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
important positive 
important trust 
full positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
assault anger 
assault fear 
assault negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
lounge negative 
underestimate surprise 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
convinced trust 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
waver fear 
waver negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
fade negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
father trust 
father trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
fade negative 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
completely positive 
possibility anticipation 
miraculous joy 
miraculous positive 
miraculous surprise 
father trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
authority positive 
authority trust 
father trust 
question positive 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
usual positive 
usual trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
father trust 
question positive 
criticize anger 
criticize disgust 
criticize fear 
criticize negative 
criticize sadness 
reluctant fear 
reluctant negative 
father trust 
superior positive 
officer positive 
officer trust 
giving positive 
standing positive 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
tempered positive 
seriousness fear 
seriousness sadness 
task positive 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
dynamic surprise 
father trust 
resignation negative 
resignation sadness 
resignation surprise 
fill trust 
effective positive 
effective trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
shed negative 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
expected anticipation 
pathetic disgust 
pathetic negative 
pathetic sadness 
armed anger 
armed fear 
armed negative 
armed positive 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
determined positive 
learning positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
wanting negative 
wanting sadness 
salute joy 
salute positive 
knowing positive 
heel negative 
father trust 
demand anger 
demand negative 
lounge negative 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
possibility anticipation 
foolish negative 
expected anticipation 
surprised surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
adapt positive 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
adapt positive 
father trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
waver fear 
waver negative 
cold negative 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
adapt positive 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
wont anticipation 
hide fear 
discomfort negative 
discomfort sadness 
father trust 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
ghost fear 
younger positive 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
sadly negative 
sadly sadness 
determination positive 
determination trust 
independence anticipation 
independence joy 
independence positive 
independence surprise 
independence trust 
sense positive 
truth positive 
truth trust 
father trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
pull positive 
solid positive 
time anticipation 
collapse disgust 
collapse fear 
collapse negative 
collapse sadness 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
father trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
father trust 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
subject negative 
solid positive 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
standing positive 
father trust 
lounge negative 
ahead positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
time anticipation 
surprised surprise 
blast anger 
blast fear 
blast negative 
blast surprise 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
long anticipation 
surprised surprise 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
relief positive 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
ruffle negative 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
annoyance anger 
annoyance disgust 
annoyance negative 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
distaste disgust 
distaste negative 
center positive 
center trust 
father trust 
shed negative 
subject negative 
interrogation fear 
marked positive 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
father trust 
father trust 
tough negative 
tough sadness 
investigation anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
sneer anger 
sneer disgust 
sneer negative 
bland negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
interesting positive 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
question positive 
warning fear 
father trust 
grenade fear 
grenade negative 
warning fear 
father trust 
implacable negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
cool positive 
disapproval negative 
disapproval sadness 
effort positive 
wince anger 
wince disgust 
wince fear 
wince negative 
wince sadness 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
father trust 
blue sadness 
noted positive 
father trust 
gratitude joy 
gratitude positive 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
speech positive 
coming anticipation 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
asshole anger 
asshole disgust 
asshole negative 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
coming anticipation 
smug negative 
effective positive 
effective trust 
blue sadness 
excuse negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
father trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
misunderstand negative 
obtuse negative 
cool positive 
premature surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
twitch negative 
thought anticipation 
audience anticipation 
determined positive 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
show trust 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
backward negative 
long anticipation 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
counsel positive 
counsel trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
arrogance negative 
cool positive 
long anticipation 
shed negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
academy positive 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
superiority positive 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
talk positive 
alliance trust 
lawyer anger 
lawyer disgust 
lawyer fear 
lawyer negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
blue sadness 
academy positive 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
intimately anticipation 
intimately fear 
intimately joy 
leaning trust 
smug negative 
rein negative 
mouth surprise 
knowing positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
surprisingly anticipation 
surprisingly surprise 
distasteful disgust 
distasteful negative 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
level positive 
level trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
special joy 
special positive 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
reason positive 
authority positive 
authority trust 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
foolishness negative 
bravery positive 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
benefit positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
credit positive 
credit trust 
dislike anger 
dislike disgust 
dislike negative 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
necessity sadness 
reason positive 
despise anger 
despise disgust 
despise negative 
satin positive 
ease positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
misunderstanding anger 
misunderstanding negative 
misunderstanding sadness 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
feigned negative 
father trust 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
wont anticipation 
disturbed anger 
disturbed negative 
disturbed sadness 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
accounts trust 
standing positive 
time anticipation 
full positive 
misunderstanding anger 
misunderstanding negative 
misunderstanding sadness 
innocent positive 
innocent trust 
wrongdoing anger 
wrongdoing disgust 
wrongdoing negative 
wrongdoing sadness 
innocent positive 
innocent trust 
dear positive 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
landed positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
disgust anger 
disgust disgust 
disgust fear 
disgust negative 
disgust sadness 
jerk anger 
jerk surprise 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
intimately anticipation 
intimately fear 
intimately joy 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
military fear 
bureaucracy negative 
bureaucracy trust 
time anticipation 
assure trust 
corpse disgust 
corpse negative 
corpse sadness 
convenient positive 
time anticipation 
trust trust 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
differently surprise 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
giving positive 
injured fear 
injured negative 
injured sadness 
misplaced negative 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
show trust 
banish anger 
banish disgust 
banish fear 
banish negative 
banish sadness 
blast anger 
blast fear 
blast negative 
blast surprise 
destroyed anger 
destroyed fear 
destroyed negative 
destroyed sadness 
unnatural disgust 
unnatural fear 
unnatural negative 
creature disgust 
creature fear 
creature negative 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
alliance trust 
alliance trust 
accomplish joy 
accomplish positive 
real positive 
real trust 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
medal anticipation 
medal joy 
medal positive 
medal surprise 
medal trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
forward positive 
nose disgust 
desperate negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
legal positive 
legal trust 
contact positive 
trust trust 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
truth positive 
truth trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
daughter joy 
daughter positive 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
dubious fear 
dubious negative 
dubious trust 
unpleasant disgust 
unpleasant negative 
unpleasant sadness 
father trust 
spoke negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
question positive 
word positive 
word trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
time anticipation 
attempt anticipation 
prefer positive 
prefer trust 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
coming anticipation 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
shed negative 
civil positive 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
warning fear 
blue sadness 
ruffle negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
shrill anger 
shrill fear 
shrill negative 
shrill surprise 
crack negative 
sweetness positive 
gut disgust 
standing positive 
ship anticipation 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
continue anticipation 
continue positive 
continue trust 
disappoint anger 
disappoint disgust 
disappoint negative 
disappoint sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
thought anticipation 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
qualified positive 
qualified trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
alliance trust 
scavenger negative 
words anger 
words negative 
horrifying disgust 
horrifying fear 
horrifying negative 
horrifying sadness 
ownership positive 
abrupt surprise 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
thought anticipation 
expletive anger 
expletive negative 
time anticipation 
blue sadness 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
explain positive 
explain trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
polite positive 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
accomplished joy 
accomplished positive 
spoke negative 
lacking negative 
thought anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
explain positive 
explain trust 
father trust 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
coldness anger 
coldness disgust 
coldness fear 
coldness negative 
coldness sadness 
anger anger 
anger negative 
indifference anger 
indifference disgust 
indifference fear 
indifference negative 
indifference sadness 
pull positive 
motion anticipation 
contempt anger 
contempt disgust 
contempt fear 
contempt negative 
rebellion anger 
rebellion disgust 
rebellion fear 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
slavery anger 
slavery disgust 
slavery fear 
slavery negative 
slavery sadness 
assure trust 
slavery anger 
slavery disgust 
slavery fear 
slavery negative 
slavery sadness 
fire fear 
repay anger 
repay anticipation 
repay joy 
repay positive 
repay trust 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
hostility anger 
hostility disgust 
hostility negative 
snarl anger 
snarl disgust 
snarl negative 
question positive 
contact positive 
romantic anticipation 
romantic joy 
romantic positive 
romantic trust 
practice positive 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
spat anger 
spat negative 
spat anger 
spat negative 
ungrateful anger 
ungrateful disgust 
ungrateful negative 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
time anticipation 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
time anticipation 
defy anger 
defy fear 
defy negative 
defy sadness 
defy surprise 
alliance trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
ship anticipation 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
time anticipation 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
dread anticipation 
dread fear 
dread negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
words anger 
words negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
balance positive 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
fate anticipation 
fate negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
thought anticipation 
rule fear 
rule trust 
investigation anticipation 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
succeed anticipation 
succeed joy 
succeed positive 
succeed surprise 
succeed trust 
offer positive 
dubious fear 
dubious negative 
dubious trust 
morality positive 
morality trust 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
plan anticipation 
sense positive 
dupe anger 
dupe negative 
blue sadness 
liquor anger 
liquor joy 
liquor negative 
liquor sadness 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
enjoy anticipation 
enjoy joy 
enjoy positive 
enjoy trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
stunned fear 
stunned negative 
stunned surprise 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
satisfied joy 
satisfied positive 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
effort positive 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
father trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
spoke negative 
approval positive 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
murderous anger 
murderous disgust 
murderous fear 
murderous negative 
murderous sadness 
murderous surprise 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
glowing positive 
ready anticipation 
lawyer anger 
lawyer disgust 
lawyer fear 
lawyer negative 
plaintive sadness 
achieve joy 
achieve positive 
achieve trust 
bloodshed anger 
bloodshed disgust 
bloodshed fear 
bloodshed negative 
bloodshed sadness 
bloodshed surprise 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
time anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
bound negative 
start anticipation 
incident surprise 
late negative 
late sadness 
thought anticipation 
choice positive 
pretended negative 
ignore negative 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
break surprise 
long anticipation 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
stress negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
long anticipation 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
expecting anticipation 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
stale negative 
sweat fear 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
organic positive 
captain positive 
leaning trust 
question positive 
forming anticipation 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
ghost fear 
forward positive 
leaning trust 
pistol negative 
small negative 
armory trust 
patent positive 
phoenix positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
dark sadness 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
small negative 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
ash negative 
dark sadness 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
carefully positive 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
gut disgust 
expecting anticipation 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
blue sadness 
argue anger 
argue negative 
nose disgust 
flesh disgust 
dark sadness 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
remains disgust 
remains fear 
remains negative 
remains positive 
remains trust 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
hiding fear 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
disappear fear 
sense positive 
rest positive 
suddenly surprise 
alliance trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
crack negative 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
general positive 
general trust 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
time anticipation 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
winning anticipation 
winning disgust 
winning joy 
winning positive 
winning sadness 
winning surprise 
winning trust 
swift positive 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
choice positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
ash negative 
precision positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
readily positive 
start anticipation 
small negative 
ash negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
solid positive 
cheat anger 
cheat disgust 
cheat negative 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
winning anticipation 
winning disgust 
winning joy 
winning positive 
winning sadness 
winning surprise 
winning trust 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
taught trust 
center positive 
center trust 
interested disgust 
interested positive 
interested sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
sweetheart anticipation 
sweetheart joy 
sweetheart positive 
sweetheart sadness 
sweetheart trust 
taught trust 
fearless fear 
fearless positive 
real positive 
real trust 
option positive 
baby joy 
baby positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
handy positive 
taught trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
dark sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
cutthroat anger 
cutthroat fear 
cutthroat negative 
craving anticipation 
sugar positive 
ash negative 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
winnings anticipation 
winnings joy 
winnings positive 
show trust 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
ash negative 
forced fear 
forced negative 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
king positive 
sweetheart anticipation 
sweetheart joy 
sweetheart positive 
sweetheart sadness 
sweetheart trust 
real positive 
real trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
wont anticipation 
talk positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
violent anger 
violent disgust 
violent fear 
violent negative 
violent surprise 
explosion fear 
explosion negative 
explosion surprise 
chance surprise 
chance surprise 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
time anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
time anticipation 
flop disgust 
flop negative 
flop sadness 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
chance surprise 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
strained anger 
strained negative 
carefully positive 
piles disgust 
piles negative 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
sun anticipation 
sun joy 
sun positive 
sun surprise 
sun trust 
hot anger 
desperate negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
lieutenant trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
forfeit anger 
forfeit negative 
forfeit sadness 
mouth surprise 
leaning trust 
staring negative 
worth positive 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
flesh disgust 
damned negative 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
attempt anticipation 
pull positive 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
shed negative 
break surprise 
break surprise 
late negative 
late sadness 
giving positive 
ash negative 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
sorrow fear 
sorrow negative 
sorrow sadness 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
fair positive 
ruthless anger 
ruthless disgust 
ruthless fear 
ruthless negative 
action positive 
fleet positive 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
ash negative 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
dark sadness 
fade negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
time anticipation 
hide fear 
nose disgust 
promise joy 
promise positive 
promise trust 
fair positive 
taught trust 
ash negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
hide fear 
ace positive 
pop negative 
pop surprise 
pop negative 
pop surprise 
pop negative 
pop surprise 
thought anticipation 
moan fear 
moan sadness 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
information positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
agonizing fear 
agonizing negative 
slowness negative 
hopeful anticipation 
hopeful joy 
hopeful positive 
hopeful surprise 
hopeful trust 
nose disgust 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
assuage positive 
heel negative 
center positive 
center trust 
pillow positive 
headache negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
brother positive 
brother trust 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
stark negative 
stark trust 
petty negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
limp negative 
show trust 
immaculate joy 
immaculate positive 
immaculate trust 
liquor anger 
liquor joy 
liquor negative 
liquor sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
stink disgust 
stink negative 
flowery positive 
thought anticipation 
gut disgust 
spiteful anger 
spiteful negative 
unconscious negative 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
shed negative 
time anticipation 
nose disgust 
stall disgust 
ready anticipation 
lawyer anger 
lawyer disgust 
lawyer fear 
lawyer negative 
lawyer anger 
lawyer disgust 
lawyer fear 
lawyer negative 
curse anger 
curse disgust 
curse fear 
curse negative 
curse sadness 
ultimately anticipation 
ultimately positive 
excess negative 
annoyance anger 
annoyance disgust 
annoyance negative 
dogged positive 
legal positive 
legal trust 
dark sadness 
blush negative 
unnatural disgust 
unnatural fear 
unnatural negative 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
involvement anger 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
credit positive 
credit trust 
stupid negative 
scream anger 
scream disgust 
scream fear 
scream negative 
scream surprise 
futile negative 
futile sadness 
attempt anticipation 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
deadly anger 
deadly disgust 
deadly fear 
deadly negative 
deadly sadness 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
giving positive 
change fear 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
word positive 
word trust 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
effort positive 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
generous joy 
generous positive 
generous trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
damned negative 
nose disgust 
wrinkled sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
pet negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
talk positive 
leaning trust 
halfway negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
usual positive 
usual trust 
hide fear 
expected anticipation 
react anger 
react fear 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
disappoint anger 
disappoint disgust 
disappoint negative 
disappoint sadness 
dogged positive 
determined positive 
desperate negative 
attention positive 
contemptuous anger 
contemptuous negative 
derision anger 
derision disgust 
derision negative 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
secret trust 
secret trust 
enterprising positive 
ugly disgust 
ugly negative 
embarrassing negative 
word positive 
word trust 
knowledge positive 
public anticipation 
public positive 
create joy 
create positive 
warning fear 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
action positive 
rifle anger 
rifle fear 
rifle negative 
akin trust 
strike anger 
strike negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
job positive 
mouth surprise 
unsightly disgust 
unsightly negative 
sudden surprise 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
knowing positive 
damned negative 
predatory negative 
full positive 
crew trust 
slouch negative 
thoughtfulness positive 
ability positive 
aloof negative 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
immovable negative 
immovable positive 
immovable trust 
presence positive 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
school trust 
question positive 
mouth surprise 
sudden surprise 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
cough disgust 
cough negative 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
mercy positive 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
doubting negative 
justice positive 
justice trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
warning fear 
detect positive 
hardened anger 
hardened disgust 
hardened fear 
hardened negative 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
truth positive 
truth trust 
father trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
blind negative 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
blackmail anger 
blackmail fear 
blackmail negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
ashamed disgust 
ashamed negative 
ashamed sadness 
dark sadness 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
menace anger 
menace fear 
menace negative 
presence positive 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
afford positive 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
powerful anger 
powerful anticipation 
powerful disgust 
powerful fear 
powerful joy 
powerful positive 
powerful trust 
lofty negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
truth positive 
truth trust 
leaning trust 
forward positive 
personal trust 
hide fear 
time anticipation 
distaste disgust 
distaste negative 
nose disgust 
mouth surprise 
forming anticipation 
track anticipation 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
admirable joy 
admirable positive 
admirable trust 
thrilling anticipation 
thrilling joy 
thrilling positive 
thrilling surprise 
jerk anger 
jerk surprise 
forward positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
lines fear 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
word positive 
word trust 
flying fear 
flying positive 
loyalty positive 
loyalty trust 
spoke negative 
words anger 
words negative 
poison anger 
poison disgust 
poison fear 
poison negative 
poison sadness 
alliance trust 
ultimately anticipation 
ultimately positive 
wasted anger 
wasted disgust 
wasted negative 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
backward negative 
glaring anger 
glaring negative 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
time anticipation 
aloof negative 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
earnest positive 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
nose disgust 
creature disgust 
creature fear 
creature negative 
wrong negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
argue anger 
argue negative 
threaten anger 
threaten anticipation 
threaten fear 
threaten negative 
defeat negative 
defiance anger 
defiance disgust 
defiance fear 
defiance negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
thought anticipation 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
sense positive 
glare anger 
glare fear 
glare negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
crack negative 
break surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
huff anger 
huff disgust 
huff negative 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
instrumental positive 
convinced trust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
crack negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
wont anticipation 
provoking anger 
provoking disgust 
provoking negative 
beast anger 
beast fear 
beast negative 
argue anger 
argue negative 
disagree anger 
disagree negative 
certainty positive 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
damned negative 
giving positive 
lesson anticipation 
lesson positive 
lesson trust 
warning fear 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
pretend negative 
time anticipation 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
thought anticipation 
art anticipation 
art joy 
art positive 
art sadness 
art surprise 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
war fear 
war negative 
caress positive 
greater positive 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
time anticipation 
cold negative 
dark sadness 
happen anticipation 
happen anticipation 
entertaining anticipation 
entertaining joy 
entertaining positive 
chaos anger 
chaos fear 
chaos negative 
chaos sadness 
battlefield fear 
battlefield negative 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
mouth surprise 
tribute positive 
interference negative 
wont anticipation 
wont anticipation 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
murderous anger 
murderous disgust 
murderous fear 
murderous negative 
murderous sadness 
murderous surprise 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
discredit negative 
damned negative 
envious negative 
tickle anticipation 
tickle joy 
tickle positive 
tickle surprise 
tickle trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
hysterical anger 
hysterical fear 
hysterical negative 
inappropriate anger 
inappropriate disgust 
inappropriate negative 
inappropriate sadness 
confirmation trust 
disembodied fear 
disembodied negative 
disembodied sadness 
usual positive 
usual trust 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
stall disgust 
interrupt anger 
interrupt negative 
interrupt surprise 
important positive 
important trust 
lawyer anger 
lawyer disgust 
lawyer fear 
lawyer negative 
reading positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
riot anger 
riot fear 
riot negative 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
relief positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
lawyer anger 
lawyer disgust 
lawyer fear 
lawyer negative 
aye positive 
aye positive 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
reason positive 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
honesty positive 
honesty trust 
cold negative 
dark sadness 
unwitting negative 
desperate negative 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
effort positive 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
backward negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
standing positive 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
time anticipation 
bother negative 
hiding fear 
justice positive 
justice trust 
agony anger 
agony fear 
agony negative 
agony sadness 
knowing positive 
coming anticipation 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
beverage positive 
teasing anger 
teasing fear 
teasing negative 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
flying fear 
flying positive 
hooked negative 
shed negative 
graciously positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
indignant anger 
indignant negative 
carefully positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
series trust 
frantic anticipation 
frantic disgust 
frantic fear 
frantic negative 
frantic surprise 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
mockery disgust 
mockery negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
shed negative 
attempt anticipation 
reassure positive 
reassure trust 
miserably negative 
miserably sadness 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
time anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
explain positive 
explain trust 
strained anger 
strained negative 
tension anger 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
linger anticipation 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
rest positive 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
small negative 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
real positive 
real trust 
errant negative 
hallucination fear 
hallucination negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
armed anger 
armed fear 
armed negative 
armed positive 
precision positive 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
shed negative 
credit positive 
credit trust 
impotent negative 
bland negative 
calm positive 
hide fear 
sudden surprise 
kick anger 
kick negative 
leaning trust 
noted positive 
arrival anticipation 
sudden surprise 
twitch negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
fact trust 
alarming fear 
alarming negative 
alarming surprise 
loyalty positive 
loyalty trust 
shed negative 
shed negative 
dear positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
questionable disgust 
questionable negative 
loyalty positive 
loyalty trust 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
indignant anger 
indignant negative 
attention positive 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
full positive 
attention positive 
information positive 
pretended negative 
riveting positive 
vicious anger 
vicious disgust 
vicious negative 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
anxiety anger 
anxiety anticipation 
anxiety fear 
anxiety negative 
anxiety sadness 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
lack negative 
dishonesty disgust 
dishonesty negative 
dealings trust 
believed trust 
patient anticipation 
patient positive 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
shed negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
agree positive 
mouth surprise 
giving positive 
sneer anger 
sneer disgust 
sneer negative 
full positive 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
manipulation anger 
manipulation fear 
manipulation negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
prime positive 
prospect positive 
infiltration negative 
infiltration positive 
thought anticipation 
staring negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
time anticipation 
shudder fear 
shudder negative 
long anticipation 
hidden negative 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
slouch negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
ready anticipation 
forced fear 
forced negative 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
coolness positive 
serenity anticipation 
serenity joy 
serenity positive 
serenity trust 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
shed negative 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
spent negative 
time anticipation 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
attention positive 
words anger 
words negative 
communication trust 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
distraction negative 
slouch negative 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
arrival anticipation 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
relief positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
time anticipation 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
tough negative 
tough sadness 
time anticipation 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
rage anger 
rage negative 
full positive 
necessity sadness 
ignore negative 
friend joy 
friend positive 
friend trust 
time anticipation 
waver fear 
waver negative 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
shed negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
mouth surprise 
finery positive 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
leader positive 
leader trust 
ass negative 
shed negative 
determination positive 
determination trust 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
long anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
cradle anticipation 
cradle joy 
cradle positive 
cradle trust 
believed trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
bother negative 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
secret trust 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
rock positive 
backward negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
sneer anger 
sneer disgust 
sneer negative 
cool positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
manage positive 
manage trust 
feigned negative 
bland negative 
war fear 
war negative 
ship anticipation 
curl positive 
completing anticipation 
completing joy 
completing positive 
supported positive 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
degree positive 
mouth surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
sick disgust 
sick negative 
sick sadness 
question positive 
pity sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
ghost fear 
banish anger 
banish disgust 
banish fear 
banish negative 
banish sadness 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
disconnected negative 
disconnected sadness 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
gut disgust 
wallow disgust 
wallow negative 
wallow sadness 
relief positive 
thought anticipation 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
forthcoming positive 
trust trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
complicated negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
warning fear 
shed negative 
explain positive 
explain trust 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
attention positive 
small negative 
effort positive 
halting fear 
halting negative 
halting sadness 
lurch negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
upright positive 
upright trust 
long anticipation 
focus positive 
blurred negative 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
messenger trust 
deserve anger 
deserve anticipation 
deserve positive 
deserve trust 
talk positive 
actual positive 
content joy 
content positive 
content trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
question positive 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
shed negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
thought anticipation 
careful positive 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
grenade fear 
grenade negative 
full positive 
grenade fear 
grenade negative 
job positive 
words anger 
words negative 
proper positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
break surprise 
murder anger 
murder disgust 
murder fear 
murder negative 
murder sadness 
murder surprise 
mouth surprise 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
shed negative 
cold negative 
dark sadness 
alliance trust 
thought anticipation 
blatant anger 
blatant disgust 
blatant negative 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
real positive 
real trust 
fun anticipation 
fun joy 
fun positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
break surprise 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
shed negative 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
shed negative 
spent negative 
rest positive 
career anticipation 
career positive 
atone anticipation 
atone joy 
atone positive 
atone trust 
sin anger 
sin disgust 
sin fear 
sin negative 
sin sadness 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
believed trust 
shed negative 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
shed negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
fixed trust 
lacking negative 
mouth surprise 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
wont anticipation 
happen anticipation 
pull positive 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
wont anticipation 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
change fear 
word positive 
word trust 
palatable positive 
stomach disgust 
notion positive 
wrong negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
staring negative 
long anticipation 
knowing positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
relief positive 
anger anger 
anger negative 
break surprise 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
nervous anticipation 
nervous fear 
nervous negative 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
heel negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
headache negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
strike anger 
strike negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
hit anger 
hit negative 
beam joy 
beam positive 
stricken sadness 
anxious anticipation 
anxious fear 
anxious negative 
thought anticipation 
nerve positive 
surprised surprise 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
wrong negative 
risk anticipation 
risk fear 
risk negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
upright positive 
upright trust 
determined positive 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
wont anticipation 
deserve anger 
deserve anticipation 
deserve positive 
deserve trust 
worth positive 
disagree anger 
disagree negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
halfway negative 
words anger 
words negative 
destroyed anger 
destroyed fear 
destroyed negative 
destroyed sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
impression positive 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
enslavement negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
dominant fear 
dominant negative 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
delay anger 
delay disgust 
delay fear 
delay negative 
delay sadness 
dark sadness 
reason positive 
tardiness negative 
aftermath anger 
aftermath disgust 
aftermath fear 
aftermath negative 
aftermath sadness 
completely positive 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
disappear fear 
long anticipation 
black negative 
black sadness 
waver fear 
waver negative 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
blush negative 
spasm fear 
spasm negative 
vital positive 
shed negative 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
shed negative 
shed negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
conversational positive 
crew trust 
shed negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
shed negative 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
nose disgust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
gasp surprise 
shape positive 
shed negative 
cold negative 
small negative 
stark negative 
stark trust 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
hidden negative 
hiding fear 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
touched negative 
nose disgust 
interrupt anger 
interrupt negative 
interrupt surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
hopelessness anger 
hopelessness disgust 
hopelessness fear 
hopelessness negative 
hopelessness sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
grated anger 
grated negative 
shed negative 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
shed negative 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
ship anticipation 
gut disgust 
comfort anticipation 
comfort joy 
comfort positive 
comfort trust 
shed negative 
audience anticipation 
time anticipation 
time anticipation 
protect positive 
shed negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
growl anger 
growl fear 
growl negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
granted positive 
benefit positive 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
apologetic positive 
apologetic trust 
furrow sadness 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
spoke negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
worn negative 
worn sadness 
trade trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
wont anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
impatient anticipation 
impatient negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
general positive 
general trust 
ignorant disgust 
ignorant negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
arrival anticipation 
wont anticipation 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
delight anticipation 
delight joy 
delight positive 
anticipation anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
fixed trust 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
asylum fear 
asylum negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
gruesome disgust 
gruesome negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
worth positive 
word positive 
word trust 
sudden surprise 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
reason positive 
trust trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
wry negative 
owing anger 
owing anticipation 
owing disgust 
owing fear 
owing negative 
owing sadness 
owing trust 
balanced positive 
forward positive 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
thought anticipation 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
waver fear 
waver negative 
unsteady fear 
underestimate surprise 
split negative 
catch surprise 
time anticipation 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
long anticipation 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
frighten fear 
frighten negative 
frighten sadness 
frighten surprise 
ambition anticipation 
ambition joy 
ambition positive 
ambition trust 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
advantage positive 
mistaken fear 
mistaken negative 
charity joy 
charity positive 
board anticipation 
cold negative 
distress anger 
distress disgust 
distress fear 
distress negative 
distress sadness 
distress surprise 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
competence positive 
competence trust 
attention positive 
inform trust 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
uncomfortable negative 
authority positive 
authority trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
including positive 
alliance trust 
law trust 
banished anger 
banished fear 
banished negative 
banished sadness 
spoke negative 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
cooperate positive 
fully positive 
fully trust 
information positive 
subject negative 
counsel positive 
counsel trust 
contact positive 
ban negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
bloodthirsty anger 
bloodthirsty disgust 
bloodthirsty fear 
bloodthirsty negative 
stink disgust 
stink negative 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
acceptable positive 
operation fear 
operation trust 
word positive 
word trust 
mud negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
hatred anger 
hatred disgust 
hatred fear 
hatred negative 
hatred sadness 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
dislike anger 
dislike disgust 
dislike negative 
faith anticipation 
faith joy 
faith positive 
faith trust 
personal trust 
careful positive 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
argue anger 
argue negative 
grateful positive 
giving positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
wrong negative 
full positive 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
talk positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
battered fear 
battered negative 
battered sadness 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
landed positive 
thought anticipation 
mouth surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
vanished fear 
vanished negative 
vanished sadness 
vanished surprise 
working positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
approving positive 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
prove positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
wont anticipation 
firmness positive 
firmness trust 
unwavering positive 
unwavering trust 
word positive 
word trust 
law trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
long anticipation 
surrender fear 
surrender negative 
surrender sadness 
prove positive 
wrong negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
intractable anger 
intractable negative 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
argue anger 
argue negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
break surprise 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
thought anticipation 
real positive 
real trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
time anticipation 
fearing fear 
fearing negative 
split negative 
proof trust 
patch negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
bound negative 
crew trust 
ignorance negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
ship anticipation 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
time anticipation 
murderous anger 
murderous disgust 
murderous fear 
murderous negative 
murderous sadness 
murderous surprise 
result anticipation 
poorly negative 
long anticipation 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
chosen positive 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
savvy positive 
anger anger 
anger negative 
chance surprise 
messy disgust 
messy negative 
time anticipation 
limited anger 
limited negative 
limited sadness 
powerful anger 
powerful anticipation 
powerful disgust 
powerful fear 
powerful joy 
powerful positive 
powerful trust 
choice positive 
wrench negative 
skilled positive 
prisoner anger 
prisoner disgust 
prisoner fear 
prisoner negative 
prisoner sadness 
completing anticipation 
completing joy 
completing positive 
task positive 
leader positive 
leader trust 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
wrench negative 
unequal anger 
unequal disgust 
unequal fear 
unequal negative 
unequal sadness 
task positive 
trust trust 
whip anger 
whip negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
bother negative 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
pretense negative 
grateful positive 
spoke negative 
crew trust 
vague negative 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
forward positive 
lower negative 
lower sadness 
tension anger 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
tension anger 
embrace anticipation 
embrace joy 
embrace positive 
embrace surprise 
embrace trust 
weary negative 
weary sadness 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
grateful positive 
team trust 
maintenance trust 
main positive 
ship anticipation 
forgive positive 
track anticipation 
suspect fear 
suspect negative 
accomplished joy 
accomplished positive 
information positive 
information positive 
enjoy anticipation 
enjoy joy 
enjoy positive 
enjoy trust 
privy negative 
privy trust 
coming anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
startling surprise 
offering trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
tomorrow anticipation 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
bottom negative 
bottom sadness 
shed negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
forced fear 
forced negative 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
gut disgust 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
sob negative 
sob sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
landed positive 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
argue anger 
argue negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
small negative 
task positive 
stolen anger 
stolen negative 
talk positive 
glaring anger 
glaring negative 
shed negative 
information positive 
spoke negative 
fear anger 
fear fear 
fear negative 
happen anticipation 
suddenly surprise 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
convenient positive 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
build positive 
time anticipation 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
sting anger 
sting fear 
sting negative 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
rest positive 
core positive 
standing positive 
success anticipation 
success joy 
success positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
compulsion anger 
compulsion negative 
silk positive 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
haunted fear 
haunted negative 
haunted sadness 
remove anger 
remove fear 
remove negative 
remove sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
ship anticipation 
insane anger 
insane fear 
insane negative 
heel negative 
impotent negative 
anxious anticipation 
anxious fear 
anxious negative 
catch surprise 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
full positive 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
cathartic positive 
weeping sadness 
tired negative 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
spoke negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
damned negative 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
shortage anger 
shortage fear 
shortage negative 
shortage sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
curl positive 
curl positive 
prison anger 
prison fear 
prison negative 
prison sadness 
visor anticipation 
visor surprise 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
noise negative 
talons anger 
talons fear 
talons negative 
extra positive 
attention positive 
tension anger 
thought anticipation 
undo negative 
slender positive 
thought anticipation 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
solidarity trust 
guess surprise 
time anticipation 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
luck anticipation 
luck joy 
luck positive 
luck surprise 
grin anticipation 
grin joy 
grin positive 
grin surprise 
grin trust 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
aye positive 
calm positive 
storm anger 
storm negative 
pleasant anticipation 
pleasant joy 
pleasant positive 
pleasant surprise 
pleasant trust 
upright positive 
upright trust 
shed negative 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
lines fear 
improvement joy 
improvement positive 
improvement trust 
losing anger 
losing negative 
losing sadness 
exhausted negative 
exhausted sadness 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
attention positive 
tired negative 
leaning trust 
actual positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
spoke negative 
giving positive 
solid positive 
shame disgust 
shame fear 
shame negative 
shame sadness 
long anticipation 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
admire positive 
admire trust 
audience anticipation 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
status positive 
damned negative 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
audience anticipation 
fool disgust 
fool negative 
sudden surprise 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
surge surprise 
struggle anger 
struggle fear 
struggle negative 
struggle sadness 
ready anticipation 
talk positive 
ignore negative 
fire fear 
forget negative 
shed negative 
father trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
chance surprise 
pretended negative 
word positive 
word trust 
shed negative 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
healthy positive 
thought anticipation 
grateful positive 
ship anticipation 
ship anticipation 
small negative 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
mug anger 
mug fear 
mug negative 
mug positive 
mug sadness 
drinking negative 
spoke negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
small negative 
hooded fear 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
thought anticipation 
waver fear 
waver negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
full positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
yawn negative 
agreeing positive 
agreeing trust 
calf joy 
calf positive 
calf trust 
pained fear 
pained negative 
pained sadness 
wry negative 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
assistance positive 
remarkable joy 
remarkable positive 
remarkable surprise 
remarkable trust 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
surprised surprise 
time anticipation 
apologetic positive 
apologetic trust 
completely positive 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
time anticipation 
expecting anticipation 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
thought anticipation 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
sense positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
excellent joy 
excellent positive 
excellent trust 
father trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
shed negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
dark sadness 
father trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
dark sadness 
incessant negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
offering trust 
words anger 
words negative 
relief positive 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
focus positive 
battlefield fear 
battlefield negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
united positive 
united trust 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
wrong negative 
attention positive 
brother positive 
brother trust 
question positive 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
love joy 
love positive 
extra positive 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
rest positive 
authority positive 
authority trust 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
conversational positive 
word positive 
word trust 
doubtless positive 
doubtless trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
expected anticipation 
ship anticipation 
determined positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
attention positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
pull positive 
mouth surprise 
wry negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
amused joy 
amused positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
elbow anger 
spelling positive 
ass negative 
word positive 
word trust 
sour disgust 
sour negative 
mouth surprise 
interest positive 
ancient negative 
lazy negative 
witness trust 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
determination positive 
determination trust 
succeed anticipation 
succeed joy 
succeed positive 
succeed surprise 
succeed trust 
miraculous joy 
miraculous positive 
miraculous surprise 
marine trust 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
action positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
carefully positive 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
clap anticipation 
clap joy 
clap positive 
clap trust 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
overwhelming positive 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
intend trust 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
surprisingly anticipation 
surprisingly surprise 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
relevant positive 
relevant trust 
information positive 
influence negative 
influence positive 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
equally positive 
uncomfortable negative 
thought anticipation 
cold negative 
darkness anger 
darkness fear 
darkness negative 
darkness sadness 
bizarre negative 
bizarre surprise 
endless anger 
endless fear 
endless joy 
endless negative 
endless positive 
endless sadness 
endless trust 
unsettled anger 
unsettled disgust 
unsettled fear 
unsettled negative 
alien disgust 
alien fear 
alien negative 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
excitement anticipation 
excitement joy 
excitement positive 
excitement surprise 
stomach disgust 
credit positive 
credit trust 
long anticipation 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
acknowledgment positive 
information positive 
working positive 
improve anticipation 
improve joy 
improve positive 
improve trust 
expected anticipation 
actual positive 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
clever positive 
spirits anticipation 
spirits joy 
spirits positive 
spirits surprise 
accurate positive 
accurate trust 
show trust 
manage positive 
manage trust 
lack negative 
rapid surprise 
noted positive 
safe joy 
safe positive 
safe trust 
solution positive 
backward negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
manipulate negative 
grateful positive 
war fear 
war negative 
desperate negative 
long anticipation 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
inactivity negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
crippled negative 
crippled sadness 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
heavily negative 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
expected anticipation 
nose disgust 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
long anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
misfortune fear 
misfortune negative 
misfortune sadness 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
wild negative 
wild surprise 
shed negative 
terror fear 
terror negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
despair anger 
despair disgust 
despair fear 
despair negative 
despair sadness 
protect positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
violation anger 
violation fear 
violation negative 
violation sadness 
violation surprise 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
wont anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
dark sadness 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
carefully positive 
fire fear 
alliance trust 
damned negative 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
confident joy 
confident positive 
confident trust 
pleasant anticipation 
pleasant joy 
pleasant positive 
pleasant surprise 
pleasant trust 
operation fear 
operation trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
shady fear 
shady negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
war fear 
war negative 
expected anticipation 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
thought anticipation 
certainty positive 
bravery positive 
innocent positive 
innocent trust 
personal trust 
carefully positive 
calm positive 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
stillness fear 
stillness positive 
stillness sadness 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
bomb anger 
bomb fear 
bomb negative 
bomb sadness 
bomb surprise 
outcry anger 
outcry fear 
outcry negative 
outcry surprise 
vehement anger 
vehement fear 
vehement negative 
din negative 
confirmed positive 
confirmed trust 
suspicion fear 
suspicion negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
spat anger 
spat negative 
blue sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
words anger 
words negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
bitch anger 
bitch disgust 
bitch fear 
bitch negative 
bitch sadness 
crouch fear 
thought anticipation 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
ire anger 
ire negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
thought anticipation 
option positive 
bloodshed anger 
bloodshed disgust 
bloodshed fear 
bloodshed negative 
bloodshed sadness 
bloodshed surprise 
tension anger 
impotent negative 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
interminable anger 
interminable anticipation 
interminable negative 
interminable positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
expletive anger 
expletive negative 
crisis negative 
deceptive negative 
change fear 
mouth surprise 
wont anticipation 
question positive 
assure trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
ship anticipation 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
wont anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
incongruous anger 
incongruous negative 
dissension anger 
dissension negative 
unexpected anticipation 
unexpected fear 
unexpected joy 
unexpected negative 
unexpected positive 
unexpected surprise 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
liaison negative 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
shambles negative 
rest positive 
politics anger 
neglect negative 
advantage positive 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
proper positive 
reprimand anger 
reprimand negative 
ire anger 
ire negative 
calm positive 
rescue anticipation 
rescue joy 
rescue positive 
rescue surprise 
rescue trust 
valuable positive 
eventuality anticipation 
eventuality fear 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
eventuality anticipation 
eventuality fear 
shambles negative 
choice positive 
waver fear 
waver negative 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
stone anger 
stone negative 
rightly positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
mouth surprise 
late negative 
late sadness 
outburst anger 
outburst fear 
outburst joy 
outburst negative 
outburst positive 
outburst sadness 
outburst surprise 
sea positive 
lightning anger 
lightning fear 
lightning surprise 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
manage positive 
manage trust 
subject negative 
wrong negative 
prospect positive 
level positive 
level trust 
serve negative 
serve trust 
job positive 
advise positive 
advise trust 
knack positive 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
overwhelming positive 
competent positive 
competent trust 
nose disgust 
thought anticipation 
time anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
thought anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
trust trust 
lack negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
shock anger 
shock fear 
shock negative 
shock surprise 
words anger 
words negative 
incline trust 
father trust 
unsteady fear 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
damned negative 
serenity anticipation 
serenity joy 
serenity positive 
serenity trust 
coming anticipation 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
time anticipation 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
thoughtfulness positive 
thoughtfulness positive 
placid positive 
acceptance positive 
tactics fear 
tactics trust 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
lurking negative 
scrambling negative 
change fear 
information positive 
gut disgust 
uneasiness anticipation 
uneasiness negative 
uneasiness sadness 
sudden surprise 
hit anger 
hit negative 
escaped fear 
board anticipation 
upheaval anger 
upheaval fear 
upheaval negative 
upheaval sadness 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
resignation negative 
resignation sadness 
resignation surprise 
thought anticipation 
prospect positive 
peace anticipation 
peace joy 
peace positive 
peace trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
break surprise 
rest positive 
words anger 
words negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
sense positive 
father trust 
halfway negative 
cacophony anger 
cacophony disgust 
cacophony negative 
carefully positive 
neutral anticipation 
neutral trust 
carefully positive 
approving positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
words anger 
words negative 
mouth surprise 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
fixed trust 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
landed positive 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
murderous anger 
murderous disgust 
murderous fear 
murderous negative 
murderous sadness 
murderous surprise 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
option positive 
conflict anger 
conflict fear 
conflict negative 
conflict sadness 
interest positive 
choice positive 
forgive positive 
committee trust 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
deceptive negative 
bite negative 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
rest positive 
words anger 
words negative 
grace positive 
uncomfortable negative 
words anger 
words negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
accused anger 
accused fear 
accused negative 
war fear 
war negative 
swift positive 
argue anger 
argue negative 
pull positive 
idiot disgust 
idiot negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
manage positive 
manage trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
miserable anger 
miserable disgust 
miserable negative 
miserable sadness 
bark anger 
bark negative 
wry negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
wrench negative 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
honor positive 
honor trust 
conflict anger 
conflict fear 
conflict negative 
conflict sadness 
interest positive 
military fear 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
leaning trust 
forward positive 
bait fear 
bait negative 
bait trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
happy anticipation 
happy joy 
happy positive 
happy trust 
measure trust 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
giving positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
wrong negative 
decent positive 
trust trust 
infiltration negative 
infiltration positive 
specialist trust 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
assassin anger 
assassin fear 
assassin negative 
assassin sadness 
spent negative 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
government fear 
government negative 
succeed anticipation 
succeed joy 
succeed positive 
succeed surprise 
succeed trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
protecting positive 
protecting trust 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
vague negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
option positive 
choice positive 
argue anger 
argue negative 
chosen positive 
time anticipation 
forced fear 
forced negative 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
argue anger 
argue negative 
ghost fear 
mirth joy 
mirth positive 
giving positive 
fixed trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
qualified positive 
qualified trust 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
grief negative 
grief sadness 
sincerity positive 
father trust 
abundance anticipation 
abundance disgust 
abundance joy 
abundance negative 
abundance positive 
abundance trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
father trust 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
crazy anger 
crazy fear 
crazy negative 
crazy sadness 
officer positive 
officer trust 
time anticipation 
bristle negative 
fell negative 
fell sadness 
continue anticipation 
continue positive 
continue trust 
escaped fear 
refugee sadness 
oversight negative 
impression positive 
spoke negative 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
conviction negative 
agreement positive 
agreement trust 
sir positive 
sir trust 
debt negative 
debt sadness 
preparation anticipation 
fate anticipation 
fate negative 
debt negative 
debt sadness 
sacrifices disgust 
sacrifices fear 
sacrifices negative 
sacrifices sadness 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
grateful positive 
scrutiny negative 
forgive positive 
warning fear 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
fate anticipation 
fate negative 
alliance trust 
proof trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
startling surprise 
full positive 
word positive 
word trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
scrutiny negative 
believed trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
spoke negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
conviction negative 
ignore negative 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
words anger 
words negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
guarantee positive 
guarantee trust 
lines fear 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
importance anticipation 
importance positive 
impossible negative 
impossible sadness 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
punishment anger 
punishment disgust 
punishment fear 
punishment negative 
tempered positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
dismay anger 
dismay anticipation 
dismay fear 
dismay negative 
dismay sadness 
dismay surprise 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
blind negative 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
motion anticipation 
broke fear 
broke negative 
broke sadness 
rule fear 
rule trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
count positive 
count trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
crew trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
authority positive 
authority trust 
important positive 
important trust 
agreement positive 
agreement trust 
spoke negative 
expected anticipation 
disagreement anger 
disagreement negative 
disagreement sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
approving positive 
asshole anger 
asshole disgust 
asshole negative 
bothering anger 
bothering negative 
bothering sadness 
hide fear 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
damned negative 
system trust 
slip negative 
slip surprise 
war fear 
war negative 
system trust 
politics anger 
speculative anticipation 
approving positive 
carefully positive 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
damned negative 
blackmail anger 
blackmail fear 
blackmail negative 
war fear 
war negative 
effort positive 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
humanity joy 
humanity positive 
humanity trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
jump joy 
jump positive 
lockup fear 
lockup negative 
lockup sadness 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
insidious anger 
insidious disgust 
insidious fear 
insidious negative 
giving positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
accident fear 
accident negative 
accident sadness 
accident surprise 
completely positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
time anticipation 
determined positive 
coup anger 
coup surprise 
sir positive 
sir trust 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
confident joy 
confident positive 
confident trust 
rest positive 
feat anticipation 
feat joy 
feat positive 
feat surprise 
time anticipation 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
horde negative 
horde surprise 
crisp negative 
crisp trust 
shed negative 
torture anger 
torture anticipation 
torture disgust 
torture fear 
torture negative 
torture sadness 
cool positive 
shed negative 
assassinate anger 
assassinate fear 
assassinate negative 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
plan anticipation 
action positive 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
small negative 
strike anger 
strike negative 
grim anger 
grim anticipation 
grim disgust 
grim fear 
grim negative 
grim sadness 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
stomach disgust 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
desperate negative 
information positive 
opportunity anticipation 
opportunity positive 
alliance trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
laughing joy 
laughing positive 
amusement joy 
amusement positive 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
couch sadness 
unexpected anticipation 
unexpected fear 
unexpected joy 
unexpected negative 
unexpected positive 
unexpected surprise 
proof trust 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
real positive 
real trust 
daring positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
choice positive 
vote anger 
vote anticipation 
vote joy 
vote negative 
vote positive 
vote sadness 
vote surprise 
vote trust 
confidence fear 
confidence joy 
confidence positive 
confidence trust 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
hesitation fear 
hesitation negative 
perfect anticipation 
perfect joy 
perfect positive 
perfect trust 
sense positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
job positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
calls anticipation 
calls negative 
calls trust 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
worth positive 
working positive 
reason positive 
level positive 
level trust 
thought anticipation 
detriment negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
ground trust 
team trust 
darkened fear 
darkened negative 
darkened sadness 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
hide fear 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
sir positive 
sir trust 
alliance trust 
damned negative 
creative positive 
ground trust 
agreeing positive 
agreeing trust 
disagree anger 
disagree negative 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
undo negative 
intended anticipation 
intended positive 
time anticipation 
mouth surprise 
warn anticipation 
warn fear 
warn negative 
warn surprise 
warn trust 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
time anticipation 
bomb anger 
bomb fear 
bomb negative 
bomb sadness 
bomb surprise 
rogue disgust 
rogue negative 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
intense anger 
intense disgust 
intense fear 
intense joy 
intense negative 
intense positive 
intense surprise 
intense trust 
effort positive 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
successful anticipation 
successful joy 
successful positive 
successful trust 
attempt anticipation 
upright positive 
upright trust 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
skeptical negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
shed negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
balance positive 
routine positive 
routine trust 
series trust 
tenderness joy 
tenderness positive 
fixed trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
stupid negative 
misplaced negative 
pride joy 
pride positive 
brother positive 
brother trust 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
heel negative 
storming anger 
expecting anticipation 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
guts positive 
surprised surprise 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
words anger 
words negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
greeting positive 
greeting surprise 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
touchy anger 
touchy negative 
touchy sadness 
older sadness 
shed negative 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
foolish negative 
resent anger 
resent negative 
proof trust 
foolish negative 
acknowledgment positive 
real positive 
real trust 
headache negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
time anticipation 
weariness negative 
weariness sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
words anger 
words negative 
forgive positive 
major positive 
wear negative 
wear trust 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
liar disgust 
liar negative 
wits positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
effective positive 
effective trust 
wits positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
agony anger 
agony fear 
agony negative 
agony sadness 
grounded fear 
grounded negative 
grounded sadness 
ship anticipation 
fact trust 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
pang negative 
pang surprise 
longing anticipation 
longing sadness 
excited anticipation 
excited joy 
excited positive 
excited surprise 
excited trust 
excited anticipation 
excited joy 
excited positive 
excited surprise 
excited trust 
frowning anger 
frowning disgust 
frowning negative 
frowning sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
strained anger 
strained negative 
shed negative 
bizarre negative 
bizarre surprise 
conversational positive 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
fault negative 
fault sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
jab anger 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
argue anger 
argue negative 
spoke negative 
ship anticipation 
thought anticipation 
wrong negative 
wont anticipation 
brother positive 
brother trust 
incompetent anger 
incompetent negative 
incompetent sadness 
assessment surprise 
assessment trust 
trust trust 
judgment surprise 
mouth surprise 
convinced trust 
upright positive 
upright trust 
uneven negative 
aching negative 
aching sadness 
heavily negative 
time anticipation 
spent negative 
relevant positive 
relevant trust 
ship anticipation 
crew trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
insult anger 
insult disgust 
insult negative 
insult sadness 
insult surprise 
injury anger 
injury fear 
injury negative 
injury sadness 
question positive 
shed negative 
proven trust 
forgiven positive 
word positive 
word trust 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
including positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
missing fear 
missing negative 
missing sadness 
escape anticipation 
escape fear 
escape negative 
escape positive 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
brother positive 
brother trust 
entrust trust 
chosen positive 
damned negative 
believing positive 
believing trust 
liking joy 
liking positive 
liking trust 
responsible positive 
responsible trust 
ability positive 
ready anticipation 
real positive 
real trust 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
ability positive 
personal trust 
completely positive 
unprepared negative 
task positive 
wound anger 
wound fear 
wound negative 
wound sadness 
unwelcome negative 
unwelcome sadness 
pretended negative 
ignore negative 
prevent fear 
competence positive 
competence trust 
stigma anger 
stigma disgust 
stigma fear 
stigma negative 
stigma sadness 
superior positive 
unequal anger 
unequal disgust 
unequal fear 
unequal negative 
unequal sadness 
task positive 
pretending anger 
pretending negative 
taught trust 
childhood joy 
childhood positive 
ambition anticipation 
ambition joy 
ambition positive 
ambition trust 
system trust 
grit positive 
grit trust 
completely positive 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
convinced trust 
boy disgust 
boy negative 
standing positive 
uncertain anger 
uncertain disgust 
uncertain fear 
uncertain negative 
uncertain surprise 
useless negative 
thought anticipation 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
personal trust 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
horribly negative 
thought anticipation 
avoiding fear 
coming anticipation 
important positive 
important trust 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
regretting negative 
regretting sadness 
information positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
thought anticipation 
chosen positive 
spent negative 
convincing trust 
reckless anger 
reckless fear 
reckless negative 
selfish anger 
selfish disgust 
selfish negative 
standing positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
love joy 
love positive 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
ferocity anger 
ferocity negative 
defend fear 
defend positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
spoke negative 
task positive 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
determination positive 
determination trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
crack negative 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
relief positive 
larger disgust 
larger surprise 
larger trust 
worrying anticipation 
worrying fear 
worrying negative 
worrying sadness 
brother positive 
brother trust 
proud anticipation 
proud joy 
proud positive 
proud trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
alarming fear 
alarming negative 
alarming surprise 
hero anticipation 
hero joy 
hero positive 
hero surprise 
hero trust 
damned negative 
waste disgust 
waste negative 
time anticipation 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
model positive 
ship anticipation 
pique anger 
pique negative 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
sovereign trust 
deserved positive 
attention positive 
model positive 
commemorate anticipation 
commemorate joy 
commemorate positive 
commemorate sadness 
vanguard positive 
destruction anger 
destruction negative 
stupid negative 
sovereign trust 
stupid negative 
model positive 
stupid negative 
stupid negative 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
radio positive 
hidden negative 
lucky joy 
lucky positive 
lucky surprise 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
shed negative 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
alliance trust 
primary positive 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
ungrateful anger 
ungrateful disgust 
ungrateful negative 
waste disgust 
waste negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
model positive 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
neighbor anticipation 
neighbor positive 
neighbor trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
model positive 
jump joy 
jump positive 
pity sadness 
visit positive 
crew trust 
waste disgust 
waste negative 
valuable positive 
time anticipation 
young anticipation 
young joy 
young positive 
young surprise 
standing positive 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
shed negative 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
contact positive 
academy positive 
cleaning positive 
pistol negative 
polite positive 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
actual positive 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
friendly anticipation 
friendly joy 
friendly positive 
friendly trust 
rising anticipation 
rising joy 
rising positive 
cover trust 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
sympathetic fear 
sympathetic joy 
sympathetic positive 
sympathetic sadness 
sympathetic trust 
wince anger 
wince disgust 
wince fear 
wince negative 
wince sadness 
radio positive 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
staring negative 
extra positive 
ready anticipation 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
couch sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
full positive 
stomach disgust 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
numbers positive 
heavily negative 
leaning trust 
forward positive 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
phantom fear 
phantom negative 
pain fear 
pain negative 
pain sadness 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
pistol negative 
explosion fear 
explosion negative 
explosion surprise 
obliging anger 
obliging anticipation 
obliging disgust 
obliging fear 
obliging joy 
obliging positive 
obliging surprise 
obliging trust 
destroyed anger 
destroyed fear 
destroyed negative 
destroyed sadness 
guess surprise 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
bite negative 
bitterness anger 
bitterness disgust 
bitterness negative 
bitterness sadness 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
change fear 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
fixed trust 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
couch sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
dart fear 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
machine trust 
change fear 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
fixed trust 
machine trust 
brother positive 
brother trust 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
gift anticipation 
gift joy 
gift positive 
gift surprise 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
model positive 
usefulness positive 
wait anticipation 
wait negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
time anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
important positive 
important trust 
long anticipation 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
status positive 
core positive 
stupid negative 
fair positive 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
full positive 
frightened fear 
frightened negative 
frightened surprise 
sense positive 
representing anticipation 
assuage positive 
blame anger 
blame disgust 
blame negative 
blur negative 
long anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
numbers positive 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
offer positive 
determined positive 
pity sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
damned negative 
shed negative 
gut disgust 
standing positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
shed negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
late negative 
late sadness 
time anticipation 
headache negative 
time anticipation 
stomach disgust 
ship anticipation 
manage positive 
manage trust 
commission trust 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
pilot positive 
pilot trust 
spent negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
helpless fear 
helpless negative 
helpless sadness 
fully positive 
fully trust 
expected anticipation 
lack negative 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
absence fear 
absence negative 
absence sadness 
model positive 
sovereign trust 
shattered negative 
shattered sadness 
abandoned anger 
abandoned fear 
abandoned negative 
abandoned sadness 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
panic fear 
panic negative 
gut disgust 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
watchful positive 
watchful trust 
headache negative 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
immediately anticipation 
immediately negative 
immediately positive 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
cross anger 
cross fear 
cross negative 
cross sadness 
core positive 
doctor positive 
doctor trust 
stalk fear 
stalk negative 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
core positive 
disappointment disgust 
disappointment negative 
disappointment sadness 
failure disgust 
failure fear 
failure negative 
failure sadness 
thought anticipation 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
mobile anticipation 
explain positive 
explain trust 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
steal anger 
steal fear 
steal negative 
steal sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
annoyance anger 
annoyance disgust 
annoyance negative 
remarkably positive 
sanguine positive 
time anticipation 
lines fear 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
insufficient negative 
rest positive 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
ruin fear 
ruin negative 
ruin sadness 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
hide fear 
sparkle anticipation 
sparkle joy 
sparkle positive 
sparkle surprise 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
coming anticipation 
word positive 
word trust 
time anticipation 
fair positive 
guess surprise 
fixed trust 
question positive 
technology positive 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
dependent negative 
dependent positive 
dependent trust 
words anger 
words negative 
sarcasm anger 
sarcasm disgust 
sarcasm negative 
sarcasm sadness 
small negative 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
damned negative 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
dire disgust 
dire fear 
dire negative 
dire sadness 
dire surprise 
word positive 
word trust 
worried negative 
worried sadness 
threat anger 
threat fear 
threat negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
widespread positive 
begun anticipation 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
late negative 
late sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
plan anticipation 
core positive 
linger anticipation 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
shed negative 
prefer positive 
prefer trust 
professional positive 
professional trust 
medical anticipation 
medical fear 
medical positive 
medical trust 
deceptive negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
rest positive 
reconstruction anticipation 
reconstruction positive 
surgery fear 
surgery sadness 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
chance surprise 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
terrible anger 
terrible disgust 
terrible fear 
terrible negative 
terrible sadness 
sarcasm anger 
sarcasm disgust 
sarcasm negative 
sarcasm sadness 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
time anticipation 
downright trust 
joyful joy 
joyful positive 
joyful trust 
prove positive 
quiver fear 
quiver negative 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
bloody anger 
bloody disgust 
bloody fear 
bloody negative 
bloody sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
noted positive 
giving positive 
shed negative 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
shed negative 
confession anticipation 
confession fear 
confession negative 
confession sadness 
confession surprise 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fade negative 
unconscious negative 
attention positive 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
words anger 
words negative 
embrace anticipation 
embrace joy 
embrace positive 
embrace surprise 
embrace trust 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
real positive 
real trust 
tired negative 
hungry anticipation 
hungry negative 
headache negative 
time anticipation 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
awful anger 
awful disgust 
awful fear 
awful negative 
awful sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
parting sadness 
portable positive 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
shroud sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
linger anticipation 
long anticipation 
forget negative 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
time anticipation 
core positive 
tomb sadness 
thought anticipation 
wrong negative 
lifeless fear 
lifeless negative 
lifeless sadness 
organic positive 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
excluded disgust 
excluded negative 
excluded sadness 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
organic positive 
word positive 
word trust 
rage anger 
rage negative 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
shed negative 
shed negative 
shed negative 
academy positive 
building positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
determination positive 
determination trust 
convinced trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
time anticipation 
bother negative 
hide fear 
doubt fear 
doubt negative 
doubt sadness 
doubt trust 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
riddle surprise 
mystery anticipation 
mystery surprise 
time anticipation 
start anticipation 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
distracted anger 
distracted negative 
problem fear 
problem negative 
problem sadness 
represented positive 
words anger 
words negative 
hiding fear 
discomfort negative 
discomfort sadness 
convinced trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
dependent negative 
dependent positive 
dependent trust 
organic positive 
bias anger 
bias negative 
working positive 
organic positive 
subject negative 
full positive 
negative negative 
negative sadness 
alive anticipation 
alive joy 
alive positive 
alive trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
organ anticipation 
organ joy 
time anticipation 
base trust 
begging negative 
grow anticipation 
grow joy 
grow positive 
grow trust 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
manage positive 
manage trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
amnesia negative 
helpful joy 
helpful positive 
helpful trust 
argue anger 
argue negative 
successful anticipation 
successful joy 
successful positive 
successful trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
fire fear 
wrong negative 
satisfied joy 
satisfied positive 
professor positive 
professor trust 
question positive 
swift positive 
kiss anticipation 
kiss joy 
kiss positive 
kiss surprise 
obvious positive 
obvious trust 
eat positive 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
hearing fear 
hearing negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
headache negative 
ghost fear 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
mess disgust 
mess negative 
bleeding disgust 
bleeding fear 
bleeding negative 
bleeding sadness 
manage positive 
manage trust 
peaceful anticipation 
peaceful joy 
peaceful positive 
peaceful surprise 
peaceful trust 
wrong negative 
panic fear 
panic negative 
hide fear 
save joy 
save positive 
save trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
choice positive 
lava anger 
lava fear 
lava negative 
important positive 
important trust 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
effort positive 
preserve positive 
intelligence fear 
intelligence joy 
intelligence positive 
intelligence trust 
lying anger 
lying disgust 
lying negative 
lie anger 
lie disgust 
lie negative 
lie sadness 
unprotected negative 
hostile anger 
hostile disgust 
hostile fear 
hostile negative 
infect disgust 
infect negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
sadly negative 
sadly sadness 
break surprise 
poke anticipation 
poke negative 
tomorrow anticipation 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
joker joy 
joker positive 
joker surprise 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
embrace anticipation 
embrace joy 
embrace positive 
embrace surprise 
embrace trust 
stomach disgust 
shed negative 
melancholy negative 
melancholy sadness 
received positive 
dinner positive 
smirk negative 
interesting positive 
bloodshed anger 
bloodshed disgust 
bloodshed fear 
bloodshed negative 
bloodshed sadness 
bloodshed surprise 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
fact trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
damned negative 
shed negative 
gut disgust 
resent anger 
resent negative 
cheerful joy 
cheerful positive 
cheerful surprise 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
cheer anticipation 
cheer joy 
cheer positive 
cheer surprise 
cheer trust 
improvement joy 
improvement positive 
improvement trust 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
ready anticipation 
veto anger 
veto negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
justice positive 
justice trust 
grow anticipation 
grow joy 
grow positive 
grow trust 
leaning trust 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
warning fear 
ruin fear 
ruin negative 
ruin sadness 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
useless negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
priceless positive 
time anticipation 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
powerful anger 
powerful anticipation 
powerful disgust 
powerful fear 
powerful joy 
powerful positive 
powerful trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
vengeance anger 
vengeance negative 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
dinner positive 
starving negative 
patience anticipation 
patience positive 
patience trust 
unanticipated surprise 
painfully negative 
painfully sadness 
long anticipation 
wonderful joy 
wonderful positive 
wonderful surprise 
wonderful trust 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
reading positive 
shed negative 
failing anger 
failing anticipation 
failing fear 
failing negative 
failing sadness 
information positive 
gibberish anger 
gibberish negative 
complicated negative 
defense anger 
defense anticipation 
defense fear 
defense positive 
beating anger 
beating fear 
beating negative 
beating sadness 
truth positive 
truth trust 
relieving positive 
guard fear 
guard positive 
guard trust 
alliance trust 
lieutenant trust 
exhaustion anticipation 
exhaustion negative 
exhaustion sadness 
reason positive 
long anticipation 
skeptical negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
chuckle anticipation 
chuckle joy 
chuckle positive 
chuckle surprise 
chuckle trust 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
freezing negative 
steady surprise 
steady trust 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
regret negative 
regret sadness 
equally positive 
grave fear 
grave negative 
grave sadness 
catch surprise 
expecting anticipation 
cool positive 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
approve joy 
approve positive 
approve trust 
disliked anger 
disliked negative 
disliked sadness 
thought anticipation 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
leer disgust 
leer negative 
father trust 
important positive 
important trust 
ground trust 
sky positive 
dinner positive 
clean joy 
clean positive 
clean trust 
time anticipation 
shed negative 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
shed negative 
stealing disgust 
stealing fear 
stealing negative 
working positive 
aimless negative 
career anticipation 
career positive 
chosen positive 
full positive 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
favorite joy 
favorite positive 
favorite trust 
music joy 
music positive 
music sadness 
birthday anticipation 
birthday joy 
birthday positive 
birthday surprise 
real positive 
real trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
daughter joy 
daughter positive 
chance surprise 
shout anger 
shout surprise 
careful positive 
word positive 
word trust 
banished anger 
banished fear 
banished negative 
banished sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
wear negative 
wear trust 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
auction anticipation 
lovely anticipation 
lovely joy 
lovely positive 
lovely sadness 
lovely surprise 
lovely trust 
highest anticipation 
highest fear 
highest joy 
highest negative 
highest positive 
highest surprise 
standing positive 
monetary anticipation 
monetary positive 
question positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
shed negative 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shed negative 
spent negative 
fixed trust 
shed negative 
black negative 
black sadness 
dark sadness 
ready anticipation 
fight anger 
fight fear 
fight negative 
flee fear 
flee negative 
attention positive 
precision positive 
immaculate joy 
immaculate positive 
immaculate trust 
mistake negative 
mistake sadness 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
scar anger 
scar disgust 
scar fear 
scar negative 
scar sadness 
healing anticipation 
healing joy 
healing positive 
healing trust 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
older sadness 
sullen anger 
sullen negative 
sullen sadness 
thought anticipation 
presence positive 
small negative 
shed negative 
friendship joy 
friendship positive 
friendship trust 
delighted anticipation 
delighted joy 
delighted positive 
delighted surprise 
earn positive 
attention positive 
sullen anger 
sullen negative 
sullen sadness 
word positive 
word trust 
shed negative 
noted positive 
thought anticipation 
model positive 
ease positive 
lieutenant trust 
sarcasm anger 
sarcasm disgust 
sarcasm negative 
sarcasm sadness 
offer positive 
shed negative 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
shed negative 
wrong negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
fully positive 
fully trust 
upright positive 
upright trust 
supporting positive 
supporting trust 
offer positive 
apology positive 
share anticipation 
share joy 
share positive 
share trust 
information positive 
remand anger 
remand negative 
custody trust 
custody trust 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
fighting anger 
fighting negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
blues fear 
blues negative 
blues sadness 
familiarity anticipation 
familiarity joy 
familiarity positive 
familiarity trust 
shed negative 
expected anticipation 
sudden surprise 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
explain positive 
explain trust 
focus positive 
authority positive 
authority trust 
ease positive 
stiff negative 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
full positive 
attention positive 
superior positive 
commanding positive 
commanding trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
committed positive 
committed trust 
affection joy 
affection positive 
affection trust 
alliance trust 
unintentionally negative 
unintentionally surprise 
infraction anger 
infraction negative 
impression positive 
giving positive 
soldier anger 
soldier positive 
soldier sadness 
learn positive 
ease positive 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
polished positive 
professional positive 
professional trust 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
tension anger 
precise positive 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
lapse negative 
confusion anger 
confusion fear 
confusion negative 
cracked anger 
cracked fear 
cracked negative 
show trust 
resources joy 
resources positive 
resources trust 
true joy 
true positive 
true trust 
thought anticipation 
war fear 
war negative 
effort positive 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
mad anger 
mad disgust 
mad fear 
mad negative 
mad sadness 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
advantage positive 
pardon positive 
snort sadness 
laughter anticipation 
laughter joy 
laughter positive 
laughter surprise 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
lieutenant trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
alliance trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
personal trust 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
expecting anticipation 
punishment anger 
punishment disgust 
punishment fear 
punishment negative 
knowing positive 
argue anger 
argue negative 
shed negative 
long anticipation 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
small negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
ribbon anger 
ribbon anticipation 
ribbon joy 
ribbon positive 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
sympathy positive 
sympathy sadness 
shed negative 
attention positive 
shed negative 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
relevant positive 
relevant trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
thought anticipation 
chance surprise 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
dull negative 
dull sadness 
time anticipation 
hooded fear 
bodyguard positive 
bodyguard trust 
full positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
dance joy 
dance positive 
dance trust 
audience anticipation 
shed negative 
long anticipation 
time anticipation 
start anticipation 
change fear 
menacing anger 
menacing fear 
menacing negative 
warning fear 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
respectful positive 
respectful trust 
pleased joy 
pleased positive 
unguarded surprise 
beautiful joy 
beautiful positive 
caress positive 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
precede positive 
cool positive 
tough negative 
tough sadness 
resilient positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
ship anticipation 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
uncomfortable negative 
change fear 
subject negative 
lieutenant trust 
start anticipation 
reading positive 
pity sadness 
time anticipation 
cheat anger 
cheat disgust 
cheat negative 
prepared anticipation 
prepared positive 
prepared trust 
reading positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
unfortunate negative 
unfortunate sadness 
amused joy 
amused positive 
ground trust 
muddy disgust 
muddy negative 
shed negative 
offense anger 
offense disgust 
offense fear 
offense negative 
offense sadness 
lieutenant trust 
clearance positive 
clearance trust 
time anticipation 
catch surprise 
distressed fear 
distressed negative 
lines fear 
mouth surprise 
offense anger 
offense disgust 
offense fear 
offense negative 
offense sadness 
information positive 
reason positive 
found joy 
found positive 
found trust 
damage anger 
damage disgust 
damage negative 
damage sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
thought anticipation 
interrupted negative 
interrupted sadness 
clearance positive 
clearance trust 
unable negative 
unable sadness 
vision anticipation 
vision positive 
sky positive 
crushing anger 
crushing disgust 
crushing fear 
crushing negative 
pressure negative 
alarm fear 
alarm negative 
alarm surprise 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
break surprise 
procedure fear 
procedure positive 
contact positive 
track anticipation 
present anticipation 
present joy 
present positive 
present surprise 
present trust 
complicated negative 
commission trust 
rubble fear 
rubble negative 
rubble sadness 
time anticipation 
angry anger 
angry disgust 
angry negative 
effort positive 
mud negative 
dirty disgust 
dirty negative 
coldly negative 
word positive 
word trust 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
hit anger 
hit negative 
force anger 
force fear 
force negative 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
apologize positive 
apologize sadness 
apologize trust 
unknown anticipation 
unknown fear 
unknown negative 
lieutenant trust 
wrong negative 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
anger anger 
anger negative 
shed negative 
building positive 
shed negative 
dying anger 
dying disgust 
dying fear 
dying negative 
dying sadness 
coming anticipation 
angling anticipation 
angling negative 
mouth surprise 
time anticipation 
words anger 
words negative 
shed negative 
ultimate anticipation 
ultimate sadness 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
messenger trust 
wrong negative 
thoughtful positive 
thoughtful trust 
admiral positive 
admiral trust 
question positive 
complaint anger 
complaint negative 
respect anticipation 
respect joy 
respect positive 
respect trust 
forced fear 
forced negative 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
avoid fear 
avoid negative 
barred negative 
shaking fear 
shaking negative 
irritation anger 
irritation disgust 
irritation negative 
irritation sadness 
defeat negative 
shed negative 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
damned negative 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
heel negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
noted positive 
lieutenant trust 
time anticipation 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
alliance trust 
blue sadness 
real positive 
real trust 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
expecting anticipation 
timid fear 
timid negative 
timid sadness 
start anticipation 
thought anticipation 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
cool positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
wrong negative 
wrong negative 
officer positive 
officer trust 
amused joy 
amused positive 
deal anticipation 
deal joy 
deal positive 
deal surprise 
deal trust 
information positive 
time anticipation 
interrupt anger 
interrupt negative 
interrupt surprise 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
offensive anger 
offensive disgust 
offensive negative 
attack anger 
attack fear 
attack negative 
predict anticipation 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
long anticipation 
shot anger 
shot fear 
shot negative 
shot sadness 
shot surprise 
long anticipation 
chance surprise 
enslavement negative 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
mosquito anger 
mosquito disgust 
mosquito negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
lines fear 
shiver anger 
shiver anticipation 
shiver fear 
shiver negative 
shiver sadness 
spine anger 
spine negative 
spine positive 
pretend negative 
cool positive 
shoulder positive 
shoulder trust 
kill fear 
kill negative 
kill sadness 
dark sadness 
nose disgust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
show trust 
nose disgust 
denying anticipation 
denying negative 
damned negative 
smelling disgust 
smelling negative 
catch surprise 
bait fear 
bait negative 
bait trust 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
hopelessness anger 
hopelessness disgust 
hopelessness fear 
hopelessness negative 
hopelessness sadness 
criminal anger 
criminal disgust 
criminal fear 
criminal negative 
noose negative 
noose sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
broken anger 
broken fear 
broken negative 
broken sadness 
doll joy 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
patent positive 
offering trust 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
hope anticipation 
hope joy 
hope positive 
hope surprise 
hope trust 
stomach disgust 
wrong negative 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
remains disgust 
remains fear 
remains negative 
remains positive 
remains trust 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
remains disgust 
remains fear 
remains negative 
remains positive 
remains trust 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
hide fear 
black negative 
black sadness 
hide fear 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
full positive 
standing positive 
base trust 
leading trust 
cold negative 
cold negative 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
shatter anger 
shatter fear 
shatter negative 
shatter sadness 
shatter surprise 
wrong negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
break surprise 
fragile fear 
fragile negative 
fragile sadness 
foolish negative 
believed trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
precise positive 
laugh joy 
laugh positive 
laugh surprise 
cutting anger 
cutting disgust 
cutting fear 
cutting negative 
cutting sadness 
black negative 
black sadness 
hide fear 
hide fear 
disappear fear 
shed negative 
die fear 
die negative 
die sadness 
flinch anticipation 
flinch disgust 
flinch fear 
flinch negative 
flinch sadness 
flinch surprise 
cowardly fear 
cowardly negative 
coward disgust 
coward fear 
coward negative 
coward sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
shatter anger 
shatter fear 
shatter negative 
shatter sadness 
shatter surprise 
contact positive 
cold negative 
ache negative 
ache sadness 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
smell anger 
smell disgust 
smell negative 
important positive 
important trust 
certainty positive 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
progress anticipation 
progress joy 
progress positive 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
heft anticipation 
heft fear 
heft positive 
weight anticipation 
weight disgust 
weight fear 
weight joy 
weight negative 
weight positive 
weight sadness 
weight surprise 
weight trust 
pistol negative 
coming anticipation 
real positive 
real trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
monster fear 
monster negative 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
real positive 
real trust 
real positive 
real trust 
forgotten fear 
forgotten negative 
forgotten sadness 
wear negative 
wear trust 
hide fear 
horror anger 
horror disgust 
horror fear 
horror negative 
horror sadness 
horror surprise 
hide fear 
child anticipation 
child joy 
child positive 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
top anticipation 
top positive 
top trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
food joy 
food positive 
food trust 
hostile anger 
hostile disgust 
hostile fear 
hostile negative 
wilderness anticipation 
wilderness fear 
wilderness sadness 
status positive 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
challenge anger 
challenge fear 
challenge negative 
lines fear 
sweat fear 
shell anger 
shell fear 
shell negative 
shell sadness 
shell surprise 
lose anger 
lose disgust 
lose fear 
lose negative 
lose sadness 
lose surprise 
cramp anticipation 
cramp negative 
spasm fear 
spasm negative 
long anticipation 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
smiling joy 
smiling positive 
modify surprise 
backward negative 
dark sadness 
wont anticipation 
remains disgust 
remains fear 
remains negative 
remains positive 
remains trust 
green joy 
green positive 
green trust 
cheery anticipation 
cheery joy 
cheery positive 
pressure negative 
impart positive 
impart trust 
pistol negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
frustrated anger 
frustrated negative 
widow sadness 
kick anger 
kick negative 
backward negative 
disintegrate disgust 
disintegrate fear 
disintegrate negative 
hit anger 
hit negative 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
crying negative 
crying sadness 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
screaming anger 
screaming disgust 
screaming fear 
screaming negative 
inadequate negative 
inadequate sadness 
words anger 
words negative 
talons anger 
talons fear 
talons negative 
soothing joy 
soothing positive 
soothing trust 
staring negative 
cold negative 
cold negative 
breakfast positive 
dinner positive 
tired negative 
touchy anger 
touchy negative 
touchy sadness 
continue anticipation 
continue positive 
continue trust 
time anticipation 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
war fear 
war negative 
quiet positive 
quiet sadness 
cop fear 
cop trust 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
ghost fear 
hiding fear 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
thought anticipation 
frown negative 
frown sadness 
feeling anger 
feeling anticipation 
feeling disgust 
feeling fear 
feeling joy 
feeling negative 
feeling positive 
feeling sadness 
feeling surprise 
feeling trust 
disappointed anger 
disappointed disgust 
disappointed negative 
disappointed sadness 
battle anger 
battle negative 
finally anticipation 
finally disgust 
finally joy 
finally positive 
finally surprise 
finally trust 
spoke negative 
discontent anger 
discontent disgust 
discontent fear 
discontent negative 
discontent sadness 
calm positive 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
thought anticipation 
shed negative 
giving positive 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
deceptive negative 
damn anger 
damn disgust 
damn negative 
bait fear 
bait negative 
bait trust 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
dangerous fear 
dangerous negative 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
pay anticipation 
pay joy 
pay positive 
pay trust 
dumb negative 
forget negative 
dumb negative 
disconnected negative 
disconnected sadness 
ground trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
forward positive 
refused negative 
refused sadness 
happen anticipation 
trust trust 
concerned fear 
concerned sadness 
league positive 
spoke negative 
anger anger 
anger negative 
affront anger 
affront disgust 
affront fear 
affront negative 
affront sadness 
affront surprise 
nerve positive 
worse fear 
worse negative 
worse sadness 
loss anger 
loss fear 
loss negative 
loss sadness 
objection anger 
objection negative 
noted positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
planning anticipation 
planning positive 
planning trust 
pull positive 
shed negative 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
dare anticipation 
dare trust 
offering trust 
feigned negative 
offer positive 
truce joy 
truce positive 
truce trust 
shed negative 
team trust 
prefer positive 
prefer trust 
small negative 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
invite anticipation 
invite joy 
invite positive 
invite surprise 
invite trust 
scrutiny negative 
god anticipation 
god fear 
god joy 
god positive 
god trust 
forbid negative 
forbid sadness 
distracting anger 
distracting anticipation 
distracting negative 
ship anticipation 
shed negative 
offer positive 
permission positive 
shed negative 
hurt anger 
hurt fear 
hurt negative 
hurt sadness 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
expect anticipation 
expect positive 
expect surprise 
expect trust 
contact positive 
expecting anticipation 
surprise fear 
surprise joy 
surprise positive 
surprise surprise 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
team trust 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
shit anger 
shit disgust 
shit negative 
valuable positive 
detection positive 
watch anticipation 
watch fear 
inaudible negative 
lazy negative 
prepare anticipation 
prepare positive 
network anticipation 
blue sadness 
death anger 
death anticipation 
death disgust 
death fear 
death negative 
death sadness 
death surprise 
hostile anger 
hostile disgust 
hostile fear 
hostile negative 
money anger 
money anticipation 
money joy 
money positive 
money surprise 
money trust 
afford positive 
disaster anger 
disaster disgust 
disaster fear 
disaster negative 
disaster sadness 
disaster surprise 
pretty anticipation 
pretty joy 
pretty positive 
pretty trust 
word positive 
word trust 
plan anticipation 
bad anger 
bad disgust 
bad fear 
bad negative 
bad sadness 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
influence negative 
influence positive 
bastard disgust 
bastard negative 
bastard sadness 
expecting anticipation 
resistance anger 
resistance negative 
lethal disgust 
lethal fear 
lethal negative 
lethal sadness 
cannon anger 
cannon fear 
cannon negative 
traps negative 
shed negative 
honest anger 
honest disgust 
honest fear 
honest joy 
honest positive 
honest sadness 
honest trust 
interrogation fear 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
thought anticipation 
hell anger 
hell disgust 
hell fear 
hell negative 
hell sadness 
threatening anger 
threatening disgust 
threatening fear 
threatening negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
enemy anger 
enemy disgust 
enemy fear 
enemy negative 
coming anticipation 
dismissal anger 
dismissal disgust 
dismissal fear 
dismissal negative 
dismissal sadness 
dismissal surprise 
kind joy 
kind positive 
kind trust 
frustration anger 
frustration negative 
small negative 
buzzed negative 
pawn negative 
pawn trust 
board anticipation 
wrong negative 
understanding positive 
understanding trust 
ill anger 
ill disgust 
ill fear 
ill negative 
ill sadness 
question positive 
hanging anger 
hanging disgust 
hanging fear 
hanging negative 
hanging sadness 
fair positive 
question positive 
nightmare fear 
nightmare negative 
good anticipation 
good joy 
good positive 
good surprise 
good trust 
reason positive 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
professional positive 
professional trust 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
anxiety anger 
anxiety anticipation 
anxiety fear 
anxiety negative 
anxiety sadness 
alliance trust 
officer positive 
officer trust 
completely positive 
precise positive 
stiffness negative 
tension anger 
time anticipation 
swift positive 
hate anger 
hate disgust 
hate fear 
hate negative 
hate sadness 
mother anticipation 
mother joy 
mother negative 
mother positive 
mother sadness 
mother trust 
genuine positive 
genuine trust 
worry anticipation 
worry fear 
worry negative 
worry sadness 
spoke negative 
usual positive 
usual trust 
time anticipation 
clarify positive 
facts positive 
facts trust 
staring negative 
pistol negative 
widow sadness 
shed negative 
shed negative 
uneasy disgust 
uneasy fear 
uneasy negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
afraid fear 
afraid negative 
landed positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
cop fear 
cop trust 
gun anger 
gun fear 
gun negative 
missile fear 
familiar positive 
familiar trust 
shooting anger 
shooting fear 
shooting negative 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
case fear 
case negative 
case sadness 
warned anticipation 
warned fear 
warned surprise 
leave negative 
leave sadness 
leave surprise 
betray anger 
betray disgust 
betray negative 
betray sadness 
betray surprise 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
armor fear 
armor positive 
armor trust 
wrong negative 
stripe negative 
wear negative 
wear trust 
garish disgust 
garish negative 
garish surprise 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
black negative 
black sadness 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
white anticipation 
white joy 
white positive 
white trust 
mouth surprise 
wry negative 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
glad anticipation 
glad joy 
glad positive 
agreed positive 
agreed trust 
lines fear 
tension anger 
smile joy 
smile positive 
smile surprise 
smile trust 
lost negative 
lost sadness 
apology positive 
helmet fear 
helmet positive 
seals trust 
breach negative 
strained anger 
strained negative 
time anticipation 
classics joy 
classics positive 
marked positive 
council anticipation 
council positive 
council trust 
crash fear 
crash negative 
crash sadness 
crash surprise 
classics joy 
classics positive 
forward positive 
precede positive 
fair positive 
falling negative 
falling sadness 
war fear 
war negative 
